 well u also like art nah i think its more about how u present urself u have to give it a different angle	 ah shit i lost track of time i planned to go to not all at least, did anything happen?
 nah we just did some organizing u ok? we were planning on coming over and checking on u we just finished	 *planned to go to botball, fuk u atucorrect
 btw did u tell max and ben and ethan?	 noperino
 oh. cuz it sounds like they k	 sam ernest and bowen know now lol
 oh ok so ya	 the smart bois they probs figured it out nah i think i'm fine i just grinder stuff out i also emailed cmu asking if i could reapply solely under meche and they said yes technically so...
 oh nice	 you wanna have scheduled college sesses? where we just edit our apps? i think a structured schedule will keep away the whole "no place is as good as the ri" away from me
 is it ok if we come over or no max and ben are just worried	 btw i just reorganized my whole drive, just shared it with ya nah no need to come over plus folks are working rn lol
 ugh max and ben want to come anyways lol do u not want ppl in ur house?	 yeh not rn at least i gots some more work to do tonight sorry mah bois
 ah ok ya sure for the structured app schedule when do u wanna do them	 what time u free my man? wanna do sundays or something like dat siris still not helping
 🐱 ya sure sunday's i have stuff between 12 and 5 but outside of that i can do it i cam also do wednesday night's or tuesday nights	 alright sounds good just let me know what you need edited be supah brutal with meh, if it sucks or cliche just tell me straight out, "you're going to get rejected like how cmu rejected you"
 🐱 roy also are you planning on reapplying for cmu regular?	 i'm going to call them tomorrow if i can reapply _just_ for meche in engineering, i'mma beg and cry if they say no i'll just gun it for the mellon college of science for applied physics and transfer, but at that point cmu will be at the bottom of my list of schools if that's the case
 welp but dietrich! :d	 i already emailed them today and they i could do that, but i'mma get vocal confirmation tomorrow
 nice	 nah, it's harder to transfer to engi or cs if you're from dietrich i actually don't know if i want to get vocal confirmation, what if they pull back and say no lol i also just finished tearing apart my cmu video for mit had to get rid of all the places where i mention the ri lol maybe that's why cmu said no, maybe they don't like kids who are just in it for the ri feelssad does this mean i wasn't actually into cmu? i was just into her cousin, ri?
 well ri is part of cmu so its mroe like u only liked her bc of her boobs or something woops that was so much worse	 bruh now you made me sound like some insensitive jerk 🐱
 hey hey oorr the ri could be her personality u liked cmu bc of her personality	 lol, nice backpedaling, thx man i realize that i started pouring more cheese into some of these apps and some of them i pour more personal stuff into...
 im so good at comforting ppl	 but i'm losing any flow lmao rip story flow
 lol that's fine, its probably better to write out what u want than restructure it	 i actually like weedtown's questions, i really wrote a lot for that one though it's weedtown so it's probably all for nothing lmao
 welp i should probably get started on that	 let's be real here, a 3.9 gpa guy like me has no chance at places like mit or weedtown i'm thinking about not even applying and saving the money now lol
 nah u should go for it ok maybe not weedtown if u don't feel it but mit	 you actually want me to apply to mit? haha, that's good to know that you're not all about "oh no he's going to ruin my chances" to tell you the truth i actually wanted to go into collegio apps helping ppl who are applying to the same place i was since it would be cool if we both got in but then ppl started freaking out if they found out ppl were applying to the same places lol
 lol ya...... i mean theres so mch emotions invested into the college app i can kinda understand why some ppl might be mad	 hey, how about we make a quick baking blog and youtube channel? aw shit, i'm still memeing too hard goddamnit 🐱 the more stressed/freaked out the harder i meme, i'll reach the breaking point when i make a meme a hate symbol
 lol tat would be the ultimate final boss meme	 truuu i realized now today that i actually just wanna go to a place where i can make robos lol
 how did u just realize that today	 i just had it stuck in my mind that cmu had the most resources and was the only place that allowed that but i suppose if the place has a prof doing stuff i'm interested in i can hop onto that the only places that come to mind then are:
gtech
umich
wpi
cornell (kinda)
weedtown
mit stacy too, since aaron ames how funny would that be if i went to stacy and just hanged out with aaron ames but then i see videos like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjnr2gksu6s what began as personal project to build a robot has grown into a potential product for stanford student jeff kessler. the graduate student in mechanical engi... and i question my whole life iz diz wut a tru roboticist lookz rike? 🐱
 this is what happens when roboticists try to force out applications	 feelssad man
 oh i found a new song thats pretty catchy	 yeh?
 the black keys, never heard of them before today but they're pretty good ok the song is called "lonely boy" but i swear not that edgy, its pretty upbeat actually and the music video is just ablack man dancing for 3 min https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_426riwst8	 is it going to have crazy ass lyrics like that last song you showed me lol?
 but i came to love you anyway
so you tore my heart out
and i don't mind bleeding
any old time to keep me waiting
waiting, waiting
oh, oh-oh i got a love that keeps me waiting
oh, oh-oh i got a love that keeps me waiting
i'm a lonely boy
i'm a lonely boy
oh, oh-oh i got a love that keeps me waiting psh not tht crazy	 damn, you're really into rock huh? i still can't over the nagging feeling in my mind that i should give up since my gpa isn't high enough...
 nahh man remember that its just a threshold also there were a bunch of 3.9s who got into mit even a 3.51	 that 3.51 was a rich athlete and we know it jk jk, but i'll bet you that robot skull from weedtown that it was
 ya :'( before polcari i thought mit didn't care abotus ports	 division iii school
>cares about sports lol
 ya also apparently mit has the highest proportino of students in varsity sports according to tully 🐱	 maybe this isn't healthy but i was thinking about reapplying meche even if they say no is this what it likes to be wild? to break the rules or at least plan to? 🐱
 lol i mean u could and its not like they would be able to tell	 i know this will sound really arrogant and i can't believe that i'm still hung up on this, but what part of my app did they just think "nope" to... ah, well this won't do my any good, at least mit says on their maker portfolio that experts will review your shit gotta hope that mit cheetah guy wrecks my shit instead of noam chomsky anyway, did you finish the physics lab yet? lol hey, do you mind being brutally honest with me and just tell me straight flat out what's the weakest point of me is? lol i just need some sort of answre
 ya sure	 i need this shit man, then i'll be off the hook i swear, just one more hit
 my honest opinion: i've already told u this but i think you are too cookie cutter asian stem nerd. although you showing that you like to work on robots on ur own time shows a lot of passion, it also shows that u like to spend ur free time  in ur room building robots. colleges are looking for ppl who will enhance their campus in someway and make the experience fro everyone else better as well. although having the drive to do robots on ur own is really good for future employment and success, its not exactly what colleges are looking for on their campus. probably after reading hundreds of applicatns from asian nerds, your application might just blend in with them and they won't pay as much attention to it i think probably its not bc of something on ur application, but bc it lacks somethin. a more community aspect that shows u will enhance the experience of ppl around u at college i would try to show that more in the essays	 thx man, it's good to hear from a close friend i guess it's time to accentuate the emo artsy roy and use more buzzwords lmao, goddamnit
 np. i just tried to tell u as straight up as possible lol, i don;t mean to be brutal	 nah, it's perfect
 but also ya i think u would be amuch stronger applicant if u do this personal robot stuff but also u have a more human aspect as well ur humanity needs to reach at least 80% and ur have 20 in empathy	 but my human side is weak, i can't show my vulnerabilities lmao dang, you beat me to it lol
 lmaooo	 yeh, i had a similar suspicion so i started to inject some of my more artsy ambitions into my apps should've talked more about the moving charging sculpture ah well, at least it's only ed, i technically have a second chance
 ya. thats the spirit i've also noticed from a lot of college tours that most colleges treat freshman like a blank slate. most ppl have to take intro to cs and engineering classes that they are way overqualified for. they're expectation is that you learn all ur skills starting in college so thats also why i think colleges care less about prior experience in these fields, and more about character traits the mindset is that you can always teach ppl to be good at skills, but u can't teach a person to have a good personality	 damnit, so don't say buzzwords like

i know the industry standard robotics operating system that are used by professionals and some of the most advanced robots in the world

? i would argue though (not out of salt) that you can't "teach" ppl passion either, that's more of self-discovery
 lol i would rephrase it to be like "i challenged myself to learn the blaj blah blah" or "driven by my curiosity, i taught myself blah blah blah" "i know" is very bland and technical sounding. but u can use ur prior experience to accentuate character traits basicaly tie all ur experiences to specific character traits	 you fucking genius
 so its not about the knoeldge but why u decided to gain that knowledge 🐱	 lol and you thought you were too technical in your writing https://coubsecure-s.akamaihd.net/get/b74/p/coub/simple/cw_timeline_pic/13da6d88968/024a4c142f08af19eb08b/med_1472096992_image.jpg 
 jeezus lmao well i still kinda suck at creative writing	 you must have some experience though right? didn't you also want to publish a book?
 well ya but that was in elementary school lol ya i liked creative writing as a kid but i was never very good	 ahhh did you finish the physics lab btw?
 ya ball toss?	 yup yup
 ya	 i'm just about to start it lol alright i'm going to _actually_ put all robo stuff on hold now and only do college apps won't use my linux side anymore
 lol ok lemme k if u need anything for the lab	 alright, thanks man, let me know if you need anything are we going to grind out collegio essays tomorrow night?
 lol it depends on my harvard decision results probably on wednesday night tho	 ooh, that comes out tomorrow?
 yup	 alright, i'll buy you some cold ones
 lol nah its ok im not gonna be super emotional either way i feel i'm not really stressing about it rn tho i feel like i should be	 those lines sound very similar to what i said not too long ago
 lol ya :')	 also that feel when you're "too cookie cutter asian" but the clearest fix would be to be black or hispanic am i forgettable because of my race? feelsbad
 ya ikr i wonder how they would actually check if u put a random race on ur app	 our names kind of give it away though lol if only i was a "lee"
 lol tru well maybe if u said ur native american "xing" is a traditional choctaw surname jk i just made that up	 and if they call you out then you can play the "you're questioning my race?" card
 "this is.. this is sexual harassment!"	 "i"m not exotic" that followup feel when you're not too bothered by it anymore because it's a societal norm
 ya........ it kinda sucks and isn't fair although there are a few scientific studies and arguments that i think are valid, in favor of affirmative action	 like wut i feel like it should be based more on financial history rather than race though
 same	 a kid from the projects should get a boost compared to a kid from exeter
 i think affirmative acion based on income make sense	 maybe when we have influence we can advocate for that but rn we can't make a dent lol
 https://www.xavier.edu/mfi/documents/steele_claude_m.stere.thrt.inafrican.am.tst.perfm.1995.pdf	 holy shiz, 1995?
 this was an interesting study (i didnt read the whole thing, just a summary)	 what's the sum all 'bout?
 but basically theres a whole thing about "stereotype threat" which basically means ppl will perform according to common societal stereotypes so in the experiment, there were two groups of white and black people (so 4 groups each). 1 black and white gorup was given a test and told that the test was meant to measure intelligence and academic ability the other black and white group was given the same test but told that the results have no indication on intelligence. thats the results	 lol that chart looks hand drawn, that's kind of funny
 the idea is if black ppl are told that they are bein tested for intelligence, they subconciously regress to a societal steroetype and perform worse whereas if they are told its not a measure of intelligence, black and white ppl perform the same	 has this been replicated though?
 applied to affirmative action, basically since college is widely held as a measure of intelligence or of achievement, the idea is that black ppl who perform less have actually higher potential than they appear while white and asians would be performing at their peak performance, or even higher bc they are stereotypically smarter	 after reading a lot of papers on robo claims i've learned to be doubting with results lol
 ya, stereotype threat is a pretty accepted thing	 hmmm, not sure how to deal with this new info yet
 they actually did a study on women too which was pretty interesting. they did american women and russian women. they were told that the test examined logical thinking abilities. the got similar results with the black ppl swapped in with women in the us, but in russia, women perforemd the same as men in both tests. the reason is bc in russia there is no stereotype that women are suppose to be more emotional and dumber etc. (bc communism lol), in fact russia has a lot of female scientists so that proves the results are due to cultural stereotypes	 so you're telling me that the liberals are right? communism will actually solve all our problems?
 lol at least the gender gap not so much about the whole not having ur economy collapse tho	 let's hope that autonomy solves that problem ;) oh, here's an article from ieee that i think you will find interesting https://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robotics/artificial-intelligence/why-alphago-is-not-ai google deepmind's artificial intelligence alphago is a big advance but it will not get us to strong ai the title kind of gives away the article lol alright, i think i'm going to conk out now spent the whole day starin' at google docs jeezus
 lol that's probably a good idea	 i wanted to continue to edit but i bet my mind is more muddled than i think rn
 yo roy do u have a study next are you in school today?	 ye working out rn y u ask? how to di
 ?	 die
 uh	 not gonna lie i spent a lot of time just reading on reddit or college confidential about other ppl getting in or being denies *denied and then i emailed brian and he was like sorry to hear that man, ed is more selective than rd 🐱 bruhhhhhhhhhhh
 bruhh wait but isn't the acceptance hogher well o guess everyone's just competitive	 they don't release stats on early alright time to call them what's the quickest way to di lol, so messenger does have a queue goddamnit, they said nah on the phone, have to do different department bruh 🐱
 fuck	 what's wrong?
 that sucks	 oh
 oh no i just read ur msg	 i thought you meant something else lol
 r u busy rn?	 it's all right, it's not the institute that makes the roboticists, it's the person grinding out hw that piled up, but besides that not doing a whole lot today besides apps i took out the batteries to my robos so i can't turn them on anymore and tangled up the chargers so i will have to unwrap them if i wanna use it wired
 can i come over?	 lol sure i suppose
 i'm at the school and just finished circuit lab	 vara just stopped by too lmao but he just left yeh, come by if you want i got fruit 'n yogurt stawberry snakcs when you comin'?
 i'll be walking in like 5 min	 kk
 yo i'm at ur house  foxy roxy missed a call from you.	 y u call meh oh wait that was 5 i can't read
 got in	 :ooooo
 holy	 congrats!!!!
 thanks my parents are calling al the relatives	 this better not be an elaborate meme
 like alll the relatives lmao	 alright, heard from max, it's not an elaborate meme lol congrats man, this calls for extra cold ones
 yeeeaaaaaaaa	 wooohoooooooo good night this night huh? ;) (not to ruin the mood but vara be askin' wut ur status to me, should i say something or... lol)
 did he get in? do u k	 i know and he's not happy rn
 oh fuck wait so deferral?	 idk some other ppl got that vara just told me he's not happy he asked me if he knew if anyone got in and i said technically yes he said to fuck them, so uhhh be careful man on the other hand doe how we gonna celebrate tomorrow boiiii
 oh :/	 he figured it out by asking other ppl lol
 massive cold ones	 now he says he's triggered at me for not telling him bruh 🐱 we're going to buy all the hi-mags
 .... and he muted me welp i didn't message him or anything before	 alright, apparently he's calling you arrogant rn, not trying to stir drama, just wanting to tell you info that you would probably want to know/keep in mind
 for what? lol	 idk lol
 nah he calls me a lot of things so its ok	 hmm, enough of this negative petty shit though, can't let a hot one ruin all the cold ones  foxy roxy called you. you up my man?
 ye i'm still out with the fam	 holy crap, that's quite late! i just wanted to say that all this celebration actually helped pull me up from my funk haha not 100% sure why, perhaps it's really just is as simple as the sheer joy celebrating my friend's success and happiness
 <3 love u roy i'm glad to hear it	 love ya justin <3 alright this is getting sappy, let me fix this 🐱 that's better what were you going to say?
 and ur gonna kick ass with these new college essays there less sappy	 "you're gonna kickass on these new college essays"

>>your dream of legged locomotion indicates that you're a retard you always know how to cheer ppl up <3
 🐱 lol	 so are you just gonna do weedtown and mit now?
 ya which means o have more time to help read over ur essays lol	 awww thanks man same to you, kinda, not really lol you still up for an editing sess tomorrow? i'll buy us some cold ones a _lot_ of cold ones
 hmm idk how long my interview will last but ya sure do u mean in person?	 oh ur choice lol either is fine i think when is ur interview? mines at 430
 same	 wait really is yours also in starbucks bruh if we end up having it at the same time in the same place i'll raise my voice and be like "but none of our robotics team success would've been possible without justin yu"
 lmaooo nah it's in arlington	 oh wow, that's quite the drive is there a train to arlington?
 there's a bus but my mom will be working from home that day so i'll get a ride	 ahh ic ic welp i need to get back to revising essays congrats once again man!!! you deserve it gnight
 thanks! g'night cya tomorrow	 cya how does it feel to be an ivy boi now?
 lol the same yo what lunch do u have?	 i got second so i can't really go outside today
 welp	 did you hear? our boy bowen also got in oh man, good news all around he really deserves it
 ya so did nico barlos	 wowow, harvard sure loves winchester
 apparently maddy cordeiro didn't get in? lol brandon / the junior are currently probing everyone	 i don't know who that is and they should probably stop that
 ya i told them	 nioce nioce you know i'm starting to realize more and more i never liked cmu for itself i liked cmu for the ppl who came from there who then made amazing stuff outside of cmu it doesn't matter where i make my creations it matters what i make 🐱 tl;dr i only liked her for her bewbs
 according to my mom, cmu is very good at producing ppl who go into academia. especially cuz they have very strong theoretical foundations, but not as much industry applications so that's why alot of professors are from cmu, probably more than mit. and cmu professors set up labs and stuff	 to be fair i also only looked at the legged locomotion field lol of which cmu only produced 1 jonathan hurst marc raibert doesn't count lol
 lol nice man	 aaron ames is from ut austin and then buzz jonathan hurst is 100% cmu, but it was umich that funded him marc raibert was northeastern to mit to set up a lab at cmu that he then took to mit lol mit cheetah man is from weedtown and russ tedrake was umich to mit those are the places to aim for alright, gotta write up apps while i'm still in this good mood 🐱
 🐱	 what'chu doin' my man?
 doing the written part of the webassign	 lmaoo ic ic, i already turned mine in, but it should be pretty straight forward
 nice	 let me know if you need anything
 ok thanks wait for the free body diagram did u just have fg and f-normal or did u break up fg into components this is the ramp one	 i also put ff = 0 carlson says that in the real world they prefer it not be broken into components so just keep it as the whole main forces
 ok	 where u at
 just left the school i'm going home to get changed for my interciew	 oh man i dun have fancy clothes lol time to just wear tapout
 my guy is old so i'm gonna go more conservative class of '59 lol	 lydia is apparently 30s yrs old lol oh dayumn that's a long time ago you can ask him about the lsd
 lol truuu	 you can also ask about his first gf jk jk you got this!! imma nap now
 thanks!	 what can i buy with 4 bucks at starbucks
 lol a straw	 you coming back for towers? bbbbbbyyyy we can talk and meme i have a whole lot of new memes to say now
 lol i was planning on it but i have to give my interviewer a ride home i just finished the interview	 lol same when do u think you'll be here?
 i don't think i can come well lemme see after we drop the guy off	 awww alright but mah new memes
 lol hey if u come to the sci oly meet ;	 lol do you guys have enough rides? i could hang out there 🐱
 no we're actually short	 but howwww which events oh wait rides ic ic wow that was quite the interview just finished off another cold one
 ey how'd it go	 went well i think it was like my last one she and i talked a lot even after the interview ended laughed made jokes told me i'm a good fit ptsd to cmu interview 🐱
 nice dude my guy was so old and he talked really slowly and couldn't really understand what i was saying sometimes he didn't really ask me anythng	 really???
 except "what do u want to talk about' lol	 lol dun worry you'll shine through ur app
 hopefully	 i think jenn is also mad at me now lol
 ? y	 i talked with vara and i told him that some stuff he said might've offended ppl like jenn and now she told me he's ranting with her vara is still annoyed and stuff regarding you know what but i think otherwise he's fine can i call you ivy boi now or something like how they call kendall that in the giver chat 🐱 jk jk
 lol i don't think that will help the situation did u see what he texted me after what i sent u	 wut
 oh lol ugh ya so he unblocked me about an hr after the first message, sent a rage bubble, then blocked me again	 lol alrighty then
 just a warning u gotta brace urself just like know fam, for ppl like u who get the bare minimum done and dont really try / put any real effort, sure u might get the results u want today (and i fucking hate u for it), but when i kick ur ass l8er, its gonna be sooooooooooo much sweeter. like fam, ngl, you have absolutely no clue about real hardship and sacrifice so i hope you enjoy today, because ur accomplishment is one worth celebrating -- ik, i wanted it bad -- but wipe that smug arrogance and pretentiousness off ur douche face becuase as much as u think ur the person that likes deep convos and "intellectuality" like in the end, like no, ur just the most shallow person on the inside and i hope that you really do end up going to harvard, because otherwise ur just being such a waste.	 wait i didn't mean to do that touchscreen jeezus that's pretty horrible to say to someone
 yup...	 you sacrificed a lot like your love life ohhh shit
 like ok i kinda understand the first message, hes mad and stuff sure. but this def crossed a bunch of lines	 sorry lol just saw a good opportunity and wanted to cheer up the atmosphere 🐱 yeh being real now though that's just not ok to say we also have plenty of intellectual conversations!!!
 i mean we are competitive sometimes but in the end i thought we would be friends first and foremost so i was caught off guard when he came up to me and told me he would not talk to me for weeks if i got into harvard (in person) and then this	 well he was true to his word
 the most unsettling part is "sure u might get the results u want today (and i fucking hate u for it), but when i kick ur ass l8er, its gonna be sooooooooooo much sweeter." for me thats just so fucking toxic	 you better lawyer up asshole, because i'm not coming back for 30%, i'm coming back for everything.
 lmao	 did that help cheer you up? we're almost at 40k messages btw just 3 more
 legged robotics is not viable	 :'(
 tadaa	 u got meh u got meh gud btw in the future no matter where we are, if you need a hardware guy just call me up i gotchu
 lol thanks roy, i'm glad you can always come fix my hardware	 <3
 both ashley and sarah told me i should just stop being friends with vara bc its unhealthy	 it does seem like a toxic relationship not gonna lie
 i don't mean to pin blame, like i'm aware i'm also super flawed and do contribute to the toxicity, but i feel like its mainly vara's inability to control his emotions, or put friendship first over competition	 since when are you toxic lol u fine man
 hes sent me so many rage bubbles over the past year thanks <3	 i believe he also has a different view on friendship right! about how arguments are good? i mean i don't think i order to be good friends you can't argue at all but you should never get mad at the friend themselves disagreements are fine but don't hate the person for it u can also see how good a friendship by looking at the amount of memeage lol 🐱
 ya. his argument was "the universe is against me. i've had conflicts with ppl my entire life so i might as well just cause the conflicts myself which is uhh kinda a bad argument	 ngl sounds like what david would say lol
 i'm sorry i was just trying to undermine varas chances in getting into harvrd xd	 lmaoo the memes come full circle yeh, ultimately it is your choice on whether you want to keep the relationship but just make sure you're thinking about what that means for you
 there have already been multiple points where i've thought about that	 it might seem "correct" to try to stay friends but trust me when i saw sometimes some bridges are just too far hazardous to repair bella amirite lamoo
 but its always been that it will definitely hurt all the clubs we do, which will negatively impact other ppl besides us two	 oh man you're such a good person dude one of the best i've ever met yeh ur right in that regard but you guys can still stay acquaintances instead of full on friends
 <3 thanks roy ya ideally i just want a working relationship	 is that girls feel like when they reject us
 llol lol lololololololol	 lol sorry just got a bit too real for meh
 ya i feel ya. that's kinda where jen and i are heading	 sometimes whatever happens simply happens you just gotta make sure what you want to happen, happen
 true	 you've been handling it alright man?
 ya its fine, i think i can accept it i am actually a bit worried about how clubs will turn out lol its ok this just means i will be spending more time out with the boiiiis	 da boissssss wikipedia took down my history :( the next step is to re add it and put in sources to make it legit
 ya max told me lol how has ur account not been banned lol	 i never had an account lol i just clicked edit and save just let me know if ya need anything i'm going to start filming and stuff for these portfolios lmao
 lol ok	 has vara talked to you again? or is he going to stick with his word? actually no need to answer that it's too negative idk when i talked with him he was just really obsessed over how you always achieve things and then i'm like wut about butterbot 🐱we died jk jk just to lighten the mood and this is not tied to our previous convo i freaking love the neck swing a tru master of the art of sass
 lol u found a gof *gif	 took some googling worth it
 lol nice and ya addressing ur talk with vara, i think he has this idea that i don't work hard and everything just comes to me which is complete bogus lol rip butterbot :'(	 envy is an ugly creature don't let it get to you. we know and you know what you do wait are there enough rides for sci oly now?
 yup oh u might even be able to come if u want	 lmao perhaps which car would i be in i could be there for last minute tower repairs lol
 lool ok u can decide tomorrow	 alrighty how does ashley know about the cold ones lol did it also spread in ur household too?
 no i told her about it	 is she one the bois now lol did she see the wikipedia page lmaoo
 no aw i shoulda shown it to her	 one day it'll be legit oh wait b block in the morn? ready to get some cold ones? it's on me
 yea boi	 dun mean to bother you but vara just showed me a text u sent and i'm here to meme to make the mood not as bad am i the dude you talk deep into the night into about future tech and life plans? <3 robo philosophy not gonna lie, even though the context of how i came to see that text was not the coolest the content was too sweet  you missed a video chat with foxy roxy. idk how to use this smartphone still in response to that sappiness i gotta say i usually don't get really close with ppl in general but  i feel like our friendship is one that i treasure as one of the most important to me alright that's enough sappiness imma take a huge dump i also drank more cold ones so my stomach doesn't feel all that great anymore lol
 <3 ya lol i was talking mainly about u and more generally the ppl i've been getting more close with these days	 <3 robodicks
 uh lol vara just messaged me "we need to talk"	 if you want context he heard about all the rumors going around today about him being mad at you aw man i wish there was a way to just turn off "drama" but every time i say sudo drama shutdown -h now or say ctrl-c nothing happens real life voice commands suck goddamnit siri
 🐱	 perhaps if i just shut down this phone it will all go away that's footage from a live audience demo of asimo in the 2000's... oh god why https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfnrxts55ny as the euro 2012 and this year's robocup unfold, we imagine what soccer played by robots might be like if one of the world's most excitable announcing pairs,... watch this with the commentary it's freaking amazing pounded another round i like how they advertise "real sugar" bold move with all the health crazes going on now wanna get a six pack tomorrow? they're on sale apparently
 yea boi let's do it	 are u at the school rn? i just woke up lol
 nope lol	 i feel alright i got 4 bucks lol, a small green tea latte at starbucks was a while 3.70 $$$$&&&&
 damn really	 yeh man dat shiz' hella cash alright i'll be at the school in 5ish minutes
 nice	 nvm i'm walking straight to stop n shop lol
 oh ok	 7819603202 u at the school? i'll be at stop n shops area do we have enough time lol i'm in front of the school now
 ok coming yoooooi im getting an upgraded laptop	 :0 16 gigs ram???
 yeee and touch screen	 ew
 and better display	 touch screen 🐱 one day i'm just going to have a computer that runs on emacs 🐱
 http://www.dell.com/en-us/shop/cty/pdp/spd/xps-13-9360-laptop/dncwtr753h	 wait idk how compatible 16.043 lts unity system is with touchscreen lol
 also has better display	 when u getting this bby
 idk they're still shipping it	 holy shit 1500?! that's like a lot of cold ones
 i feel like u coudl game this really hard. just buy a cheap laptop and make it chrash repeateldly than ask for a more expensive replacement for the same price :d	 lol dang is that how ur warranty worked?!
 no it wasn't warranty my dad  just called them a bunch of times we downloaded a few drivers and uninstaleld and reinstaled some stuff	 dayumnnn
 it tookk a few days and then they just gave up cuz nothing would stop the crashing so they felt bad also my dad sounds really angry over the phone even when hes not lmaoo	 lolll that's pretty funny dayumn u gonna dual boot this bby
 yea we can have a dual boot party we're gonna need lots of cold ones to get through it	 tru :'( we could do it over break edit apps while we're waiting for installs :') alright imma work out now, get sweaty and shiz
 quality memes	 jeezus bruh lol
 lol have fun workin out	 thx thx have fun at uh latin?
 study lol lol i've startd playing smash in econ	 training montage maybe you'll actually be able to beat me 💪
 do u mind sending me physics answers lol get u back later	 i just woke up lol i'll still send them to you doe
 lol ya if u can that would be great	 i'll be done before 3am guaranteed lol
 oh ur not done? lol which problems we can grin them out	 i only did the first one so far lmao
 oh lmao ok	 i'm also taking a huge dump rn
 ive kinda procastinated until now	 tired times?
 ya.. twas a bad idea	 nah it's fine we can cheese these i'm almost done with my dump ok, almost done with number 2
 this is some funky shit i kinda skipped number 2 doing 3	 kk finished number 2 would it funny to be a subtle humble bragger gym rat be like oh man my sleeves are just too _tight_ today aw man, i guess my arms are just _too big_
 jeezus lol do u have a class a block?	 yup yup
 damn hmm im def turning these in at the end of the day do uw ant to go over them in d block?	 dun worry we can finish by this morning i'm on the last one plus i gotta work out at d block
 lmao ok	 💪
 i just finished last one, finished part of 3 but parts of 3 and 2 confuse me im doing 1 now	 you did 1 last??
 ya lol i need a boost a confidence with an atwood problem	 lmaoo alrighty all finished let me send ya
 oh sick thanks oh for part b of #1, you forgot that the pulley goes down first so u have to find the time it takes for it to go down and stop, then find the 1.8 - t cuz it only starts accelerating back up after that that was a shit explanation but hopefully u got it lmao	 you're the best at explaining stuff you have the best explainations
 it takes about 1.064 seconds for m1 to deccelerate from -2.4 m/s to 0	 how u find dat oh wait big four?
 and after that m1 starts accelerating back up. so by 1.8 seconds, the system would have only accelerated for 0.736 seconds in the "right" direction ya	 wutttt did you get that all from you doing stuff or did the interwebs also say dat
 ya no i got it	 lol nice response
 u just have to use what u got from part a	 "did you do it this way or that way?"
>> ya
 "how far will m1 descend below its initial level", you have to count the time it descends below its intial level as part of the 1.8 seconds also number 2 looks so cmplicated oof btw for part c of the 3rd one i don't get why that works	 https://web.njit.edu/~gary/111/assets/hw4_sol.pdf this thing says otherwise for part b on number 1 not sure why
 dafuq this was a thing why did i actually do physics	 lmaooo aren't you a god tier googler???? nah i feel man for part c i got everything from the fbd
 hmm	 i'm not sure what to think for 1b now since of dat pdf lol lulu also got the same for 1b
 for part b i calculated the time it takes for the system to cover 0.529 m, and use dthe remaining time to calculate velocity with m1 going upwards idk maybe i'll just change it to this but i feel like what i did makes sense	 maybe you broke physics
 🐱 aw fuck it i'm gonna just gonna finish these up during a block i promised myself i would stop staying up past 2 (that was two days ago) woops ugh this week has been utter shit tho. so many ppl got defferred. i can't wait to get it over with did u hear the massacre that happened today	 ? there was another terrorist attack? and it's alright
 no i mean college apps tho not unlike a terrorist attack everyone got deffered or rejected (except david, he got into columbia!)	 nice!!! yeh, it is a pretty feels down week
 ugh ya and then tacked on theres a lot of personal drama	 more so than what happened with you and vara???
 well nah its all centered around that but jen isn't talkng to me for some reason	 she's mad that you apparently let her cornell news slip? she just mentioned that in passing idk if she wants you to know though
 uh wut she never even told me what the result was	 i don't think you should get hung up on this kind of stuff though, esp now oh wait wait i meant vara talking about cornell not you lol
 oh lol	 idk when she got annoyed at me i just went radio silent and things turned out ok but i'm just shit with dealing with this kind of stuff lol
 same. but she was mad at me before this week started i dont really k why, i just k vara told me she's pissed at me for lots of reasons the thing is we have barely talked this entire school yr and i could tell she was a bit annoyed at me bc shes hostil whenever i talk to her but idk why she would be pissed	 are you really hung up about this?
 yea lol i guess i shouldn't be	 nah, it's alright to be hung up about a friend not talking to you it just shows that you care
 i told vara that ya i feel like if jen's mad at me over something i have noidea about and she won't tell me or vara (vara asked), and the fact we have barely talked means whatever shes mad about is super trivial that happened in some random conversation, there's not much i can do and then he called me a bad friend bc he said " a good friend should be doing whatever it takes to win that person back" lol but like i don't even k what the heck she's mad about and shes hostile everytime i talk to her	 lol dun worry that kind of stuff is subjective, i think you're a good friend
 i mean and also if jen is willing to just ignore me and stuff and be mad at me without even telling me anything, doesn;t really seem like she cares much about our friendship so meh	 i don't think i've ever seen you like this are you annoyed at her?
 yea... well i'm annoyed cuz she won't talk to me or say anything, i only found out she was pissed from vara, and it hurts more probably bc i like her still ya sorry for ranting. all this drama thats going on is rubbing off on me and making me into a little drama fucker	 nah it's alright lol it's technically part of human nature since ppl wanna understand each other's emotions and internal thoughts but it ain't that easy i guess i personally would just let it simmer down for now, especially at such a stressful time for some ppl and then after jan 1st talk to her if you want doesn't have to be confrtoning and be like "pls talk to meh" just say hey ya know and probably don't call her fat lol
 ya.... ugh	 btw do you know if the dynamics quiz tomorrow is just chapters 4 and 5?
 its ok. honestly i feel like i don't really like her anymore. her personality kinda leaves a bad taste in my mouth sometimes. the wut the wut	 bruh there's a physics quiz tomorrow mc
 wtf	 on dynamics
 whats dynamics	 lol
 is it basically pulley stuff	 idk, that's why i was asking u lmao (and yeh, if you don't really like her anymore then don't worry about it too much, if you want to stay friends then just take it slow for now i suppose. maybe you should ask ashley for advice too lol, she probably understands this stuff wayyyyy better than i do)
 welp idk what the quiz is on but im willing to just make this my drop lol	 i feel
 and ya during lunch toay i walk up to her in the lunch line and say hi, and she put her hand up to block my face and said im not talking to u and walked off which kinda stings lol especially cuz i hae no clue why	 do you want me to ask lol
 nah that would be a bit sketch right idk how much u talk to jen about personal stuff actually u can	 i don't really know jenn _that_ well i would say lol, sometimes she has minirants that she tells me
 i mean honestly u can even just tell her i was talking to u about how idk why jen's so mad at me	 btw the quiz tomorrow is on chapters 2 -5 fuuuuu
 what is chapter 5	 friction
 oh eeezzz i think	 that's like 4 chapters doe
 ya.... i get onfused by the centripetal stuff and the conical pendulum, and other rotating stuff	 btw does your pops think i'm insane for bd now? i heard him chuckle a couple times lol
 lol probabky	 is everything cool now with you and vara?
 lol nope but we're talking now i'm just looking for a working relationship with him tbh. i think it will be ok next week	 maybe jenn also wants a working relationship jk jk that might've been a bad meme i'm sorry just uh don't read what i just typed here, let me distract you it's actually pretty crazy how fast spotmini responds to being thrown off balance and cease all movement before it even hits the ground
 lol thanks roy "mail delivery" "hiking through rough terrain" "carrying laundry"	 yeh... ah well i'm honestly just been focusing on college apps now lol i need to somehow show the development cycle/demos from fetch to turtlebot in 2 minutes tops... first i need to film demos of tb3
 ah over break i can probably help u	 are we going to have grind sess's? dual booting watching steve jobs scream at ppl editing college apps n' vids lmao
 lol yeee alright im gonna go to sleep for about 2 hrs lol	 g'night!
 cya	 sweet dreams or whatever u dream about 🐱 ah shit i forgot to buy an nhs shirt lmaoo
 a wut	 we had to buy an nhs shirt by today "mandatory "
 wait wut nhs feels like the mafia	 yeeee 🐱 i finally thought of 5 words to describe myself "i want to create meaning"
 oh that's nice	 or "i wannabe sassy black woman"
 mmmmmhm what'd i tell ya	 not sure if going to the star wars thing is worth it for me rn i would pay max back and everything but i would feel pretty bad to flake like this but at the same time all this stuff is sitting here undone
 what stuff? and it will be at 10 so u have plenty of time i'm really sick today so i'm flaking for tfa part	 i literally did no work yesterday lol
 lol well it's worth it :d	 lmao thanks 🐱
 lol r u asleep	 doing work
 r u coming?	 i thought you guys were coming at 9
 well it's 16 min before	 that's a lot of minutes lol 🐱
 do u want anything from stop and shop	 cold ones of course where u guys at  you missed a call from foxy roxy.
 here	 finally fuking finished filming
 nice	 got any tips for getting rid of headaches? my slam shit is also not the best with corners apparently lol
 probably sleep th *tbh maybe like a cold press with a towel	 i read that as "maybe like a cold one press with a towel" holy shit why does lightworks and video editing software crash so goddamn much
 welp r u using it on ur linux side?	 nope windows
 hmm thats wierd	 yo man, you doin' alright?
 ya why? well im still sick af lol	 just makin' sure lol guessin' you're mia for school tomorrow? rhao is visiting btw or at least she was interested in visiting lol
 not sure i might come but then i'd have to do all this hw for english d:	 lol
 shit i'm reading a main part for hamlet tomorrow but that's rpobably not good for my throat	 yeh, then just don't come to school tomorrow bruh man, i've getting enough sleep lately and for some reason i still feel like shit did i catch something from u and ben?
 wdym by feel like shit	 my head is spinning like crazy i can sit down and stare at nothing and i'll still feel nauseous like i'm about to get carsick hopefully it'll just go away with a nap i got apps to write
 oh damn uh well max and i had sore throat and coughing so idts	 maybe i got a delayed hangover from all the cold ones 🐱
 idk what helps nausea probaby just sleep tbh	 but all dese apps n tests fuk sleep gotta do work
 welp	 can't tell if resting or power through is more optimal maybe rigid naps will help i'll go try that
 welp	 u mia rn?
 ya	 not coming to botball?
 nope	 ahh ic ic get some good rest man! also kaist just made walking robot that people can ride in it looks like a huge couch with legs
 lmaoo btw i have this stuck in my head https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qaomih7cgh0&index=34&list=pln67-vrxpyvihlfwi-qm3ypsi8w5vsbox its soooo wholesome	 dat songs old news i listened to it too much already lol feeling better today?
 yup but still kinda sick oh btw got my new computer	 niceeeee
 my new new computer did i tell u it got upgraded bc they felt bad	 staying at home today?
 nah i'm in school	 yeh this is like the fourth time you told me lol
 oh lol its so niiiice tho i'll never use touchscreen	 u gunna dualllll
 ya ofc	 d-d-d-d-d-d-duallll
 not right away tho i have to test this comp for a day or two to make sure it doens't have the same problem of crashing	 that's just a windows problem 🐱
 test this *upgraded* comp hey did i mention i got my comp upgraded :)	 oh god it's a loop
 *gap yeaaaaaarrrr*	 are you trying to hardcore meme rn lol dude i looked over my shots of the robo and it spends like a minute spinning in a circle before it finds its target it's nowhere as smooth as the pros fuk
 lol u don't have to make it as smooth as the pros and do u have the video done?	 nope doing audio tonight and i want to be able to compete with the pros doe 🐱
 again remember colleges don't care as much about skill level remember that guy who made a nuclear fusion reactor in his garage got rejected by colleges	 nah this isn't about collegio how can i expect to talk to the pros if i can't even get comparable results and also i still don't get a dude who made a nuclear reactor gets rejected lol that's like the ultimate power move maybe he had a shiz personality?
 probably cuz his personality was shit	 ayyyyyyy
 lol in an mit admissions blog they literally mention that kid and how they rejected him so ppl shouldn't worry about having too may accomplishments	 what if they just rejected him to make an example of him powermoves
 damn ultimate powermove	 i wonder what they are looking for besides really quirky stuff like raising chickens
 well personality traits basically they want to know that u will succeed on campus and make that school better so taking initiative on things is probably a good indicator, a good proof that u will do the same on campus but u have to always link acheivements to personality traits, or else they won't really care	 tell a story yup yup yup
 so basically raising chickens or food blogging in french or food blogging about chickens in french	 oh god the memes
 :'(	 just run your own bakery they love that shit 🐱 "i blog about my dog" holy shit she blogs about her dog
 wait wut oh lol ya but i think mit would have a different view than stanford just cuz they're looking for different things	 yeh stanford is looking for bloggers 🐱
 damn meming so hard rn lol	 it hurts and soothes at the same time i'm just going to spend the rest of this week grinding out apps nonstop
 lol ok lemme k if u need anything	 <3 oh shiz there's an opening for the soup kitchen
 r u still under for hours	 nope but i love chak's cooking
 wait chakladar cooks?	 bruh what do you think we do at the soup kitchens it's 100% worth even if we didn't get hours
 i thought there are professional ppl to cook	 also wanna tutor muraco kids? it'll fill out your tutoring requirement + if you already did that get extra hours
 and u just like wash dishes and hand things out i already filled all my tuoring and hours	 even for graduation?
 wait how much for graduation	 i think 30?
 well shit	 lmao you up for tutoring every wednesday for 5 wednesday? and going to the soup kitchen tomorrow
 hmmm are the soup kitchens always wednesday?	 monthly so you up for it?
 not for tutoring probably i'll probably do more volunteering after jan 2	 so you're up for soup kitchen tomorrow? ;) the food is pretty worth man and i know how you feel about _*free*_ _*food*_
 what time?	 4:30 - 6:30 though the list is technically "full" rn but i'm sure someone will drop out last minute like last time lol
 where's the soup kitchen?	 fuck if i know jk jk dwelling place, 523 main st., 4:30pm-6:30pm takes like ~20 min to walk there
 hmm ok maybe if someone drops out	 c'monnnn ppl will drop out
 lol ok how do i sign up	 you can take my spot if you want i'm just honestly going to be there for the food oh shit, abby's going ok nvm i'm not going you can take my spot
 uh no it's ok	 bring some food back to me pls 🐱
 lol it's fine u should gooo	 come with meh pls i can't pig out alone
 hmm idk i think i have to work on college apps and mahacks maybe next month	 :'( have you done the physics yet?
 only the 1st question and part of the 2nd	 alright i'm on the last question now
 do they take long	 nah i just ate dinner and then just finished up no problemo i just realized that i never actually answered your question properly lol no they don't take that long there we go https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=1&v=qyynf0enpxq kaist hubolab & rainbow-robotics (http://rainbow-robotics.com) and dude check it, it's real lol has there been anyone besides damian who talked about their tech and actually got in lol 🐱
 well im sure rosanna and qiuyue and alex talked about their tech but they don't have dicks so	 🐱
 🐱	 we gotta put in the additional info that we don't actually have dicks due to a freak circumcised incident 🐱
 *opens admissions packet*

"girl in stem"

*jizzes uncontrolably*	 lmaooo jeezus "i'm a guy in humanities" hmm doesn't have the same ring to it
 lol nope well humanities isn't like a girl saturated field. there are plenty of unemployed men	 hot dayumn
 yo roy can i put smthn in ur house	 🐱
 ru at the school?	 i'm at 🏡 y u ask?
 just curious	 did you want to come over or something lol
 nah i just ended e club so i was wondering if ur there but i got picked up so	 lol alrighty
 my senioritis is getting really bad i'm literally calculting how bad my english essay can be for me to maintain an a- in the class	 you wanna do my oc hw?
 nah	 it'll help you get rid of your senioritis
 gotta write my college apps	 i'm trying to help you
 i just relaly don't wanna do this fricking englihs essay	 🐱 lol does that count as senioritis or prioritizing? ;)
 true fuck i shoulda taken drama	 it's an amazing class wait, are your apps literally just mit n' weedtown now?
 yup	 danggg have you finished rough drafts on them yet?
 ya for mit but haven't started stanford	 you gots any time any time soon for a mad collegio app edit session?
 probably this weekend we can dual boot at the same time 🐱	 dear god lol what ver of ubuntu you want?
 16	 16.04.3 lts?
 what are all these ubuntu flavors didn't k they were a thing and ya	 the different flavors are just used specialized ver of ubuntu for example i use ubuntu mate on the turtlebot since its lightweight and pretty compatible with packages that i need
 ah ic	 it's like trying anal 🐱
 wow ok i don't think anal is lightweight or pretty compatable with packages	 you don't know until you try it i've never tried it 🐱 :') i bet zuckerberg never tried anal but i bet sean parker has how much you wanna bet that wozniak tried anal wtf am i saying
 ya idk it seems like u really wanna try anal u might want to get to first base first	 yeh holding hands
 oh i thought it was eye contact	 eye contact during anal actually is that possible? i guess if she just sits ok ok i'm going to stop i'm going back to work or rather maybe i need a break it's been 3 hours i think i need a break
 ya go rest ur head preferably not in the gutters	 apparently there was this one girl in her senior quote she listed the names of a bunch of elements but if you looked up the periodic table abbreviations for each element you got the phrase get money, get bitches
 lmao thats really funny except theres not "t" btw if u say "his murder", does that mean him being killed or him killing someone else	 how could the internet lie to me so
 like for example "shakespeare describes hamlet's murder"	 doesn't that just depends on context then do we know that hamlet committed or suffered murder
 oh ok	 btw if you say "her anal" does that mean her being analed or her analling someone else ok i'm done back to oc grind
 anal isn't a verb u dingus	 no it is
 its either an adjective or a contrived noun	 i anal, you anal, we all anal see? perfect verb did you know if you say anal fast enough you hear "i know" i'm actually just trying to get you to say anal outloud jk jk
 i think ur prnouncing it wrong	 "siri, do you do anal"
 roy get back to work	 "i'm sorry, i'm afraid i don't have an answer to that"
 also isn't siri taking anal everytime u charger her ok i need to get back to work too	 that could be the mouth
 stop	 🐱
 does that make the headphone jack the anus oh wait stupid iphones can't even do anal	 this is getting more and more weird
 ya roy ur really wierd	 i wasn't the one who turned it into fucking phones
 got into umich hey i just realized we don't have a meme nickname for umich	 congrats!!! yeh i can't really think of anything umich seems a bit too wholesome
 nah no school is too wholesome to be memed	 we don't really meme buzz we meme other schools about buzz lol john hopkins
 true i don't have any memable experiences at umich ppl just seemed normal lol	 "normal" i still wished that you visited. stacy that would've been fun
 taken pictures at the wedding cake i feel like at caltech you just wouldn't find anyone outside everyone's doing projects in the basements	 ouch sounds perfect though
 maybe the wedding cake is their only above ground campus building that they use for promotional videos	 lmao all those dorms actually just lead to underground bunkers
 lol	 i noticed that the mit maker videos that didn't make the cut are ones that don't tell a story
 oh really ya well that makes sense	 some or rather a lot of the ones that got rejected had really high production value though i guess they focused on the wrong aspect...
 lol ya i mean you just have to think that admissions officers have to get through so much every day they will try to reduce each part of ur application to its main ideas whenever possible and they will only judge u on those main idea snippets	 "french food blogging"
 don't forget she also went to vietnam sometimes	 main ideas :') i don't mean to bash on that girl i'm sure her essays showed a better light on her but the way that that ao emphasized certain things just threw me off is there mun today?
 nope i'm just chilling at the school for a bit	 haaaa loserrr have fun at the mahacks thing get him to buy you dinner
 lmao	 do you have a good mic that i may borrow? *possibly borrow
 uh maybe ya when do u need it by	 probs this weekend depends on if i finish the shots tonight which i aim to do actually, do you mind if you read my script/screenplay? lol
 sure	 i also think my marth can beat your ichigo now >:)
 fake news	 https://docs.google.com/document/d/14ijcq38ewsxr97dnrkml_vrdtgrkcpnwtfitb0-foum/edit?usp=sharing tell a story title: my robots shots dialogue/text shot of wall and desk, have the turtlebot (which is facing in its usual orientation) turn on (red led on its camera turn on) and then turn towards the camera and wave shot of turtlebot driving in a circle on top of fetch shot of... what do you think? i think i may have to cut it down to fit in 2 minutes of video though lol
 i'm looking it over now in econ have u started doing any of it yet?	 i scrapped the old vid i love your general feedback lol
 lol it's not done i was interruptes	 lmao btw thanks man, i really appreciate it are you at the assembly rn?
 ya lol i'll finish the feedback after school	 i just went back home
 oh nice	 you just hanging out at the school?
 talking to petty rn	 feel free to drop by so i can wreck your ass in smash if you want or if you're not too _scared_
 good juan btw u ok with doing helicopters for sci oly?	 do i really have a choice? ;)
 nope lol the rest of us suck	 nah, that's not it lol btw what exactly are we doing today?
 introducing events and then playing quizbowl i printed out sheets for helicopters u just have to kinda talk about it	 wait, we're just introing? and then quizbowl? i uh might just go back to filming then lol
 ya the 2nd half will be quizbowl hey want me to come over and destroy ur ass in smash again or are u *scaaarreed*	 maybe after i finish writing some code for the video lol
 lol ok (pussssssyyyy)	 ok i'm done time to film again tonight lol
 oh do u want me to edit ur video script again i just go finished making quizbowl questions	 you can if you want i haven't actually revised that yet i'm just going to reshoot/shoot all the shots i need tonight
 ok	 wait, you don't think the script has an arc? i just told the story of the robos from conception to function the bedframe cnc guy also told the story of his machine from conception to completion it's not like i made these robos to save humanity lol
 not arc for the robots arc for urself	 you mean stuff like the journey of making these robos and how they affected me?
 ya and what u learned and how u will use that learning i. the future endeavors and also what inspired u to make robots which is not super emphasized	 i already kind of talked about that in the app, idk if i want to repeat it again in the vid not sure what's more important in this vid esp since ppl in the field will be looking at it i guess the visuals will already convey all the technical stuff since they can actually (hopefully) recognize what i'm doing yeh i see what you mean damn you 2 minute limit i'll be at the school in a bit
 how dem apps going	 unmotivated lol
 sammmmee	 wanna try to have a college grind sess tomorrow?
 nah i will be gone doing mandatory fun until the 27th :/	 lol da heck is "mandatory fun" it's kind of strange i still have that nagging feeling that of why am i even trying for these higher up engineering schools when cmu rejected me and i've tried to counter that by reminding myself that i have nothing to lose so might as well try but now i realize that that counter idea also sucks ass and that the real problem is that i don't even believe in myself
 aww man well early action is kinda a scam. like in ashley year early action had no indication of what regular action looked like like rebecca got defered from washington university ashley got deferred from umichigan both ended up going to much better colleges	 yeh i suppose so i should probably try to get myself into editing mode got anything you want me to look at? i'm almost done with my bigger apps
 nah haven't really made too much progress on my apps	 i think i'm done with weedtown now oh ic ic
 but u should go celebrate with ur fam take the mind off college apps for a day	 my fam never does stuff during the holidays lol my pops busted out the tree and my mother was like, "why did you take that thing out, we're not going to give presents anyway lol" then we all laughed
 oh lol	 my folks and i aren't exactly huge on family activities and stuff lol
 do u have relatives that visit ever	 the last time my relatives visited was when my cousin were touring colleges or when they had a business trip in the area, dropped by, got drunk and then left
 oh right oh	 gotta love them drinking sessions though i'm just drinking water lmao
 lol my parents are family friends with like all the asians in other towns except winchester	 are you going to be ok though? the deadline is coming up real soon
 lol so we have like lots of dumpling wrapping parties ya nothing a little cramming can't solve	 "tell us about something that is meaningful to you and why. (100 to 250 words)
collecting data?" bruhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh i read meditation as masturbation not gonna lie and audiobooks as coloring books do you also agree that this opening line in my cornell one is super boring? my passion and future vision is in robotics and i believe that a cornell engineering education will help bring my goals to life.
 hmmm i think it could use more specificity on the "vision in robotics" and the "cornell engineering education" parts tho are u at the character/word limit? how are the apps going? u up for a break online smash sess (i'm currently hiding from socializing with my family friends)	 if i take out that boring sentence im just at the word limit nah i'm ok on the online smash part lol unless you really want to for apps wise i'm going to try to finalize them tomorrow
 lol ok i should probably get started on mine lemme k if ur ready for some editing	 you can edit any of them if you feel like it lol i'll be mainly working on the vid for now i think
 oh ok so ur essays are all ready?	 ready for editing want me to take a look at what you already have? actually, i'm up for an online smash fest if you still are
 lol ok nice and nah i haven't written anything much for my apps	 have you done brainstorming yet man
 ya no i already have drafts but they're kinda meh and i haven't finalized my ideas like i have some parts written for different ideas	 oh yeh did you retract your apps from ucb and buzz n' other schools yet? ahh ic ic
 oh no idk how to do that	 ayyy q: how can i cancel or withdraw my berkeley application?�

a: please login to your student portal, map@berkeley. once logged in, under "account tools" towards the bottom of the page, click on "withdraw application" and follow the prompts.
 but my mom said she doesn't want me to cuz she already paid and she wants them as like safetys "in case i somehow get recinded from harvard" and she showed me a bunch of horror stories of rescinded applicants xd	 how can i withdraw my applications after being accepted by my early decision college?
you must directly contact the colleges to which you have applied to inform them you have been accepted early decision at another school and therefore want to withdraw your application. please contact the admissions office at each college and ask what method is best -- some might consider a phone call or e-mail sufficient, while others might request a written letter. oh ic ic like if you somehow overdose on cold ones and kill a person?
 lol ya i'll try to retract my ucb one bc there are lots of ppl applying and maybe keep gtech bc barely anyones appying early for gtech	 isn't jenn and vara applying to buzz? alright, i'm connected to the lobby want me to make the room or you?
 yasure no just vara, jen didn't end up applying whats the room	 one sec and man, i really hope regular aren't compared to early ok the room is called crippling depression and the password is kms
 damn ok i'm in	 nioce prepared to get ur ass kicked bruh i wuz tpying ;_;
 oh	 fuk
 fuck yaaa	 0-1
 6% more damage ;)	 im ready
 ok we should do stage bans	 lets go i ban fd
 hold on	 kk
 ok back i was walking my grandparents to their car	 dfuk fuk
 fuck	 oh wut
 this lag	 aw yeh
 is so laggy	 yeh ok man can't handle the lag
 are we doing u have to change characters if u lose	 weak nah you don't have to winner can't change though
 oh sicc im banning dreamland	 :'( what map you want
 can u pick waiting room	 oh goddamnit lol
 ew	 aw shit what you can't beat my marth?!
 ok this fucking lag	 what stage ban and map you want?
 merp a derp uh whats the other one u like a lot thats also platforms	 lol idk
 ok how about pokemon stadium	 :'( that one is fun doe oh wait is that the one you want or and btw the score is 2-1
 no banning pokemon stadium	 kk
 and pick the space map thats not the space ship with the two platforms and the mini ramp lol	 got it
 boom	 i call bs fuck dat map 2-2
 hey i want to try my isaac next match doesnt count ok :d	 fine fine
 boooom	 that match didn't count 2-2 still
 hey we should make this match count :d	 hey
 ok	 we still got one more game left
 hmm maybe i should stick with isaac	 for best of 5
 nah i'll go ichigo	 wait you won the last game though oh ok ok
 oh wait true	 imma choose a map now ichigo vs marth
 ok fuck	 3-2 i won ok ok we can play a new game if you want best of i mean
 hey if u average that out its 10 - 3 me ;)	 how about we go by games now lol
 nahhhhhhh and actually i have to go to bed soon bc i need to get up eary tomorrow for more mandatory fun	 what is this mandatory fun you're talking about
 oh like family friend visits and parties and stuff	 wow lol but college apps and dual booting :'(
 ya ikr	 :'( you're busy with that for basically all of vacaaaaa?? damnnn
 nah just until the 27th	 :(
 sam\\\ *same	 so dual boot collegio sess on the 27th? ah shit the new shots i just filmed i forgot that i was wearing the "good times bad friends" cold one shirt damnit btw do you think i can still borrow a mic tomorrow or so?
 lolooolol and ya if u find a way to get to my house i might be leaving tomorrow morning for mandatory fun and won't be back until 27th but i can leave the mic in my mailbox	 nah nah it's fine sam's got one and geezus you're traveling for mandatory fun?? that's a lot of work i guess that just means you're going to continue to get your ass kicked by my marth online wut do you have a _marth problem_?? 3-2
 uh 8-1	 only the most recent samples have the most validity in measuring kickassery
 fuck i cant make puns with ichigo	 ichigo in japanese means strawberry i think
 richchiggoa	 lmao nice you know what i'm not going to show myself in the video
 nah u should it will feel more personal	 i'm at the limit doe
 oh nvm then	 bruh finally finished the first cut of my video lol
 oh nice nice	 this stuff is cringe to watch lol merry christmas did santa come back for 30 percent? or did he come back and take it all
 merry christmas! lol i'm going to see star wars again	 again??? is this what mandatory fun time is lol
 well this time i want to go dude there was someone smoking pot the entire time in the theater my stomach hurts from the smell	 lol damn i didn't know that was legal
 its not lol yo roy what did u write about for yoru challegne essay for mit?	 i wrote about growing up you wanna see?
 ya sure	 you free for a college grind sess tomorrow?
 maybe what time? i can probably if it's later in the day	 anytime i think there'a grind time prime time tomorrow in the lib
 oh ya ik about that but probably not for me	 awww oh yeh for the challenge essay i wrote about making friends in new places so no edit sess at all? :'( there's night in my bedroom tomorrow night ;) not jk
 lol wut	 *there's grind time prime time in my bedroom tomorrow night if you're not a wuss
 oh lol ya i can probably make it	 are you out of town rn?
 nah i have a mahacks conference call	 is it like a big one?
 wdym its with my team members, and its starting in 5 min	 ooh i meant was it with like big company ppl
 oh nop	 how long will the meeting take? you can still come grind w/ us
 probably like 30 min and then it will be too late in the night i think plus i suck at writing with other ppl around but tomorrow we can grind	 it's never too late into the night you scared of the dark? fine fine 🐱
 its always grind time at roys house but ya ill come tomorrow	 <3
 oof roy can u give me some motivation	 here watch this https://youtu.be/ndh6uqa0qso ano hana secret base - 10 years after ver. that was sam lol
 lmao	 still need motivation?
 no that was all i needed jk kinda but the moment has mostly passed	 do you need a gf?
 mahacks just stresses me out a lot	 🐱
 yes uh i mean yes	 allow me https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nkckanqfykg official site : http://gatebox.ai/ movie japanese ver : https://youtu.be/mmbil8d6qx0 ■gatebox pre-order movie gatebox is the world-first virtual home robot w... that was sam again lol
 oh jeez ya i saw that	 what happened at mahacks? i thought things were under control
 they are kinda under control, i just stress out bc the event is only a few weeks away and it might not go as well i haven't had as much time to organize this one compared to the past cuz of college apps and all my team members are all also doing college apps	 i believe this is what is known as "worrying too much" you're going to be fine dw justin sam completely just like put tri m work on hiatus because of apps lol
 ya ikik its completely stupid i just get these moments of intense stress and i like can't do anything else to take my mind off it	 he isn't even working that hard he's just crying over weeb shit
 lol but aren't there other organizers for tri-m that can take care of it	 neither is sarah either lol sarah isn't doing anything either she kinda just doesn't do anything she is the chapter potato wait sam needs to talk to you jk he needs his computer back to do apps the stuff after "you're going to be fine" was sam
 did u call her the chapter potato or did sam call her the chapter potato i'm confused as to when whos talking xd	 🐱
 🐱	 there, now you know who's talking
 tru wait	 if you're over worrying then take your mind off of it unless you still got a lot of work and the worrying is justified otherwise, chill
 i still got a lot of work and the worrying is justified 😭😭😭😭😭😭	 i think you should get some sleep first that was sam you should def get sleep though that was roy this is sam now n goddamnit 🐱 there we go
 but sleep is for the weak jk hi sam	 just go to sleep bruh
 i mean roy	 🐱
 hi roy	 did you finish weedtown and mit yet? if so just go to sleep
 nope still doing mit i need a shower to clear my head but i've already taken two today :'(	 at that point i think it's better to nap and wake up early with a fresh mind
 ya true	 quality over quantity
 ok instead of taking ur super valid and wise advice i decided to make some memes	 fuck you that was sam this is roy justin i love you bruh bruhhhh
 <3 yes	 why u do dis
 this was good for my soul ok	 tru i'll see you tomorrow man lol go to sleep!
 lol ya cya tomorrow	 what time you wanna grind time prime time
 how about like 7?	 yeh sure 🐱 still up for a grind time prime time? i'm getting back from the one at the lib oh wait the ppl at the lib might have another prime time grind time tonight hmmmmmm
 at mikes house apparently? ya i'll probbaly be coming in 30 min these stanford questions are so wierd	 coming to my place or mikes place i don't think i'll go lots o ppl ate too many chicken wings
 prbablu ur place	 kk let me know when u have an eta
 in 15 min	 kk
 here	 dayumn dat was quick
 i'm always quick to come	 thanks for the catch on grammar lol
 np i'm still debating about the challenge question for mit	 still??? did you settle on something now? i'm about to send off a majority of my stuff
 i still have the mahacks topic but i'm unsure of it the rest are finalized and i'm taking a break from mit and doing stanford	 ahh are you unsure of it due to some underlining tones you wanna avoid?
 nah i had sam and sarah read it over and they said it fell kinda flat like it didn't seem like it was an actual challenge in their words "it sounds like 'this happened, and then this' but not really a challeneg"	 ahh i thought it read more like this happened and then i did this reading it back i do suppose you perhaps should emphasis the challenge more
 hmm i feel like i want to discuss mahacks in one of my essays and it also plays on themes of leadership / working in a team whereas if i did overcoming social anxiety it would be more just me	 you can't mention mahacks in your portfolio? oh wait ml nvm hmm, perhaps you can mention mahacks in a sentence in social anxiety (if you go with that) like go on from talking about how you got over social anxiety and then talk about how you even now hold social events like mahacks lol
 well i meant more like the efforts and reasons i started mahacks do u think social anxiety would be a compelling topic?	 depends on how you spin it not spin it, but rather present it
 it's also not something that i figured out a solution for. i just forced myself to mess up more in public and the more i messed up the better i got lol	 isn't that a solution lol it's literally a psych solution for getting rid of phobias
 at least from admissions officers it seemed like they were looking for qualities that suggest u can survive in a challenging environment like mit oh	 welp shit then i better rewrite my essay lol well take it this way too, we don't actually know what exactly they are looking for for example that girl who got into princeton & mit you said her essays were meh and yet they had something the ao's probably liked soooo yeh  lol
 yea... her essay was about working with someone she didn't like for volleyball	 i think you should write about what conveys more about you as a person not about writing to what they "probably" want it might sound cliche but ya know
 ya.... eh i'll see. i might just draft one for social anxiety and see what happens	 nice nice alright i need to update my resume lol and then conk out being ill really doesn't help rn
 btw how many days did we stay in dvaids basement for gcer prep	 not sure
 oh shot i hope u feel better	 it was from summer vaca start to 2 days before gcer essentially thx man you're going to write about gcer? lol i think that was my og topic for that
 no it's in my what i did over the summer	 but i couldn't really think of a "solution" since technically we still failed ay lmaoo ooooh
 lololok	 if you need me to read over anything i got'chu i'm planning to send them out tomorrow lol geezus
 all of them?	 nah most of them though
 damn nice wait is it too late then for me to read through cuz i feel like if ur sending them soon i don't want to give u doubta	 you can read them if you want lol are you past the halfway point for your stuff?
 uh i'm about halfway actually probably less tbh	 holy shiz really let me know if you need anything then
 lol ok nahhhh i'll be fine	 alright man just don't burn yourself out i think ashley gave me that advice lol
 well it's the final stretch	 we got midterms after this burh
 pshhh fuck day *dat i only have 3 midterms	 hot dayumn wait oc's don't have midterms right
 nope and latin is gonna be ezpz so it's just physics and econ, and only econ bc i haven't paid attention to a single class since october 🐱	 🐱 hmm, i kinda wanna inject more humor into my stanford one but the stuff i want to talk about doesn't really lend themselves to comedy when the choice is yours, what do you read, listen to, or watch? i read porn, listen to porn, and watch porn
 what a bold stance on human sexuality. you must support the lqbtqia community *accept*	 oh tru i should say lesbian porn
 *lgbtqia porn all of them at the same time i like it when i can't tell whos penetrating what or what's penetrating who	 hot dayumn that's imagery i never want to think about again
 🐱 just like college apps	 grad school doe
 fck	 wait are you looking to grad school in the future? esp considering your goals?
 not sure yet maybe eventually after failing my first 10 startups	 don't worry, if i become the cro of some company i'll spend their money on investing in your company ;) 🐱
 🐱 🐱 🐱 thanks not suure why it sent 3	 triple da pus i wonder if einstein would do well in modern college apps lol since his history seems to be mostly him just skipping class and everything just to go read about physics
 lol tru tho ppl like eistein dont need to go to a good college to succeed	 i wonder if i can be like him in that aspect then perhaps i'm feeling a bit too deep with this mushy mind of mine rn
 ya u should sleep	 you know wat, all these bd and agility robotics ppl didn't go to bigass schools in fact most of them went to what the average ppl on collegeboard would think to be "meh" and yet they're creating more amazing things than anyone else alright, some nice motivation to help me ease into slumber
 🐱	 🐱
 ha memes from the stanford common dataset	 those lying motherfuckers there's an interview for stanford???
 ya it's post app yo roy can you read my first two long essays for mit and tell me if you thin ktheyre good?	 which one are those
 community and the where i come from	 i meant which essay is it lol, there's so many pieces lying around and idk how to tell them apart exactly are they both directly under the question?
 ya lol	 i think i actually mentioned you in my interview now i read this essay of yours lol i told her about how i got roped into being sci oly's build event officer
 oh lmao	 how you seduced me with "robot arm" 🐱
 🐱	 i like the community essay and if i had to think of one thing i thought was a bit weird looking back, scioly has ignited the passion and potential of students pursuing their interests in science, and i am proud to have provided the spark. in that last sentence (and other places) you mention what the community is like w/ sci oly now
 wait thats no longer part of the essay	 bruh lol ok nvm then i think it's pretty fine lol you talk about how you contributed to the community and all that jazz along with showing your initiative and passion for science
 yay	 it's probably just me but with all the build up near the end the "chip away" thing sounded a bit small scale to me though idk much about entrepreneurship
 ya but i was tryna to not be too cheesy and say "i wanna change the world"	 i'm the guy who told josh to fuck off and then tried to build the next most advanced robot in the world in my apartment 🐱 ahh ic ic yeh i like it then
 yay	 i can't think of any other way to say "i wanna change the world" without sounding cheese did you finish the challenge one?
 well i put it on hold until ashley reads it, which she is going to tonight. today i was just working on stanford	 i just saw the extra hour one and i read it as
 also i'm probably not submitting a maker portfolio	 "performing their favorite chopin piece that i’ve been practicing. i’m getting fat gotta hit the gym" lol that would be a funny way to end that essay
 lol dude stanford will love that shiz	 "oh shit, this guy hits the gym!? not many ppl do that!" wait, you're not submitting a maker portfolio??? what if you just submit your harvard acceptance letter as your portfolio
 nah. cuz my ai ind. study isn't far enough to really add anything	 🐱
 lol and they don't take source code	 they don't???? then what the heck did damian do lol
 so the only way to show what i've done is to video tape my program running xd but i don't think thats super exciting	 i thought he said he linked them to his github
 idk he just wrote about it i guess	 what?! just showing the program running isn't that exciting?! wat
 ya he probably did but they explicitly said somewhere they won't look at source code	 no wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
 well its different for robos lol and my app doesn't really focus a lot on my own personal side projects anyways, its mainly about big initiatives so i don't think it will have much effect	 how the general public views tech entertainment:

program running on the terminal < program running on the terminal but with visual hacker effects < simulations < real life demos < flappy bird
 lmao	 actually scratch the flappy bird one the ultimate form of tech entertainment is watching dudes drop their smartphones off of 20 story buildings and going like "omg it broke!" and yeh that makes sense i'm actually still very confused about what mit saw in that princeton girl...
 or watching ppl pour milk on themselves in public bc its a "social experiment" do u wanna read her essays?	 yeh sure "i already have 10 projects that your written as cofounder for!"
 https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yiw9zk4oa38hcyuy29r7bc5qz2rllhcu3hhklxx_agu/edit?usp=sharing	 hot dayumn, you already have them setup to be your eduardo?
 i told u not to read it lol and nah they can be my josh	 lol
 at least josh won't smash my laptop those things are fricking expensive	 truuu
 wait so di du already submit?	 i just submitted olin editing/rechecking takes a lot longer than i thought lol lol zuckerberg 2.0 i kinda wanna comment "should be spelled zuckerfucker" but i bet ppl like ashley would see that then huh lol
 lol	 just the act of submitting takes a lot longer than i expected alright, all that's left now is buzz and mit for meh oh geezus
 nice!	 you doin' alright man? does auxivision count as a "job?" lol actually nvm
 lol ok and no probably not	 kinda just wanna see results come out now not gonna lie ah who knows anymore just hoping that collegio watch my video that i linked in additional info
 ya hey but ur almost done it's almost slacking time	 maybe i should've mentioned it was only 2 minutes so they know it's not long but what if the think that's too long maybe it's good that i didn't say that
 wait what was this for	 oh god i'm psyching myself out the mit vid i made i'm using it for every college so they can get a sense of what kind/lvl of robots i make and not just like 5 lb remote control bots
 ah don't worry about it there's no pt now and whether u did or not won't change the admissions decision anyways	 tru are you holding up alright? and did ya know that kush is another word for weed?
 lol wut and ya i'm doing fine	 idk i'm dumb and watched a video about how amherst college ppl do admissions and one of the ao literally said sometimes idk why i raised or didn't raise my hand for a candidate i just go with my gut and i'm like bruh
 oh ya i saw that tbh that's not that surprising given how manjy applicants there are u just have to pray to r&njesus	 i thought all of them would be more knowledgeable about each applicant instead of one dude and the rest just looking at your numbers holistic mah ass 🐱 ah well, other places probably do things differently
 ya some schools have 2 readers	 and shit i just realized i never sent my ap scores lol
 bruhhhh u should do that right now	 ehhhhh does it matter that much the $$$$$$$$
 yea remember stanford video 3 aps is week weaaakkkk	 fuck weedtown those dank ass mofos
 well actually since u self report them i guess they will probably trust u	 alright i'll send not my ap chem lol i didn't self report
 oh lol	 i'll just send them i suppose rip ap chem threeeeeeeeee
 🐱	 why they wanna let collegeboard take all mah monies
 dude just ask ur parents to pay for it	 nah just in general and where da heck could u self report them lol i guess that was an old thing
 ? on ur common aop *app and there's a section on mit	 ik on mit oh wait i think i know where it was lol hmmm to email admissions or not
 wait why? oh i mean it's always better to	 ughhhhhh i thought ap scores were literally for credit
 nah but they also "show intellectual vitality" https://youtu.be/fq1ajpiy09e what happens in a college admissions office? check out more awesome buzzfeedblue videos! http://bit.ly/ytbuzzfeedblue1 music silent pursuit mystery train lic...	 ayy gotta love subjectiveness "i thought her essay was a 9" "well i thought it was a 2" bruh 🐱
 ya oh well	 i think we need an algorithm to control the world 🐱
 same tho algorithmic bias is also a thing	 shhhhh it's more bearable than 9 vs 2 is the world going to turn into a brave new world i just realized we both might have bias/subconscious aid when reading each other's essays since we actually know each other any points that could be "unclear" to others could easily filled in by our own knowledge of each other and that would apply to our other friends too so the best way to get a raw reading is to ask someone from collegeboard 🐱
 aw wat da hell i forgot mit only has 4 slots for activites smh smh smhsmhsmhsmhsmhs	 lol just choose the ones most important to you wait a sec my ap stuff were makeup so idk the exact date i took them.... lmao welp oh whew it's only month mit apps are like a crazy programmer, they don't want to use the well documented and widely popular program (common app) and instead try to make their own that's ultimately half as good i got that from reddit ^^^
 lol	 do you know mr. burke's phone #?
 should be on ur common app	 it's not doe lmao
 under education? bruh i'm pretty sure it was required	 both his email and his phone are blank on mine i recall him telling me on the day we filled shiz out it wasn't required plus there's no red asterisk next to them
 7817217020 ext. 4142 lol ok	 you have his number??
 yee fam mr.burke and i are tight homies yo brotha famsquad xdxdxdxdxd 🐱	 pls stahp 🐱 that powermove was too strong for me
 lol okee back to college apps	 same alright i think i'm done with mit
 nice!	 feels strange
 did u submit?	 lmao of course not
 🐱	 how you doin'? ahh ic ic lol have anything you might want me to read? else i might just sleep until jan 2nd lmao
 nah not cureently wel i decided to keep the mahacks topic for the challenge essay and ashley gave me tips on how to improve it and i might mention fear of public speaking in the additional info section	 wow you 🐱
 bruh there are only 4 fricking activity slots. so i have to talk about mun, e club in the additional info poor looks	 "oh no i'm the leader of too many things what a conundrum" lol jk jk wait what 2 activities outrank mun and e club besides botball and sci oly
 mahacks youth cities	 ooohhhh why not smashing? you can put down 10-0 me as an accomplishment :')
 oh shit true dude honestly i wish e-sport recruiting was a thing	 it's going to be a thing by the time we're 30 :,(
 frickin polcari and soccer, well i'm a boss at sandbag soccer :'(	 lmao
 but does mit care no	 didn't polcari get an l doe
 not sure	 when mit tries to get their sports up that's like princeton trying to get their engineering up oh shit wat
 lol damn	 🐱 uh oh when you hit that anxiety moment when you can't sleep anymore
 uh oh what happppeend	 idk i think i'm just going to do robo stuff until i pass out tonight
 have u already submitted evyerhting?	 not mit, buzz, nor cmu rd then i still got umich and wpi due feb
 ah due feb wut	 yup
 oh ya i remember umich being wierd btw can u read over my challenge essay for mit?	 lol sure
 i finally got it down to 250 words and got the ashley stamp of approval “thanks everyone and good night!”

as the applause faded, i cheerfully ran to high-five my teammates. a group of hackathon-enthusiasts, we had just organized our first high-school hackathon at mit csail, called mahacks. inspired by its success, we eagerly drew up plans for our next event.

however, talks of “bigger and better” quickly faded as i began to lose contact with my team. although i served as team director, being the only junior in a group of seniors, i was helpless as everyone succumbed to “senioritis,” their motivation sent off with their college applications. as my attempts to regroup were continually ignored and our progress screeched to a halt, i felt trapped in an unworkable situation. finally, with event day looming, i decided i had to take on a seemingly-impossible task: starting over. i painstakingly recruited a new team and redistributed tasks. in the following weeks, we spent countless hours in boston meeting with sponsors, touring venues, and catching up on lost time. i drew up a game-plan to cram six months of work into two. amidst our daily grind, mahacks began to break loose from the typical hackathon mold. we introduced new entrepreneurial workshops. “solving community problems” became our event theme. i soon realized this “setback” had galvanized me to instill my own personal values and creative vision into mahacks, challenging me as a leader, teammate, and entrepreneur.

smiling, i left our second event with the unshakable feeling that, along with mahacks, i too, had grown “bigger and better.”	 i like it gives more context, shows more of what the challenger was and how you faced it and that you're huge lol 🐱 yeh i think it's good that ap self studying section doe lol
 lol ok anything u would change hey that parts not readyy yetttt	 the ap part seems a bit out of nowhere
 im like taking complete advantage of the no word limit in the additioanl info section lmao wdym? oh well its an additional info section so i'm gonna put a bunch of things on different topics for clarification and stuff	 careful doe, they can only spend so much time on each of our apps so shoving a wall of text in their face could dilute some of your other stuff on the other hand since you're not submitting a portfolio i do suppose those extra paragraphs will probably be better to flesh you out more by the ap part i meant that it seemed a bit more like "i like testing" instead of i like learning the only line you give a semblance to loving to learn is the last one
 ah ok	 last sentence i meant
 well there are only 3 sentences so idk if i can fit love of learning anywhere else lmao	 i thought you said that part had. i word limit lol
 ya but i don't wanna make it horibbly long for the dilution factor. the primary goal was just to clarify that half of my ap testing was self-studied, cuz theres no where to indicate that in the other sections and the learning was like a side thing	 i guess the core of what i'm saying is that if i didn't know you and i read that i would want to know more about why you did that. cuz anyone else could see it as just "this kid just wants dat ap grind time" i'm also in quite the existential mood rn lol so i would advise not to listen too closely to what i say rn
 ok lol i'll see about fixing that	 i guess i'm at that point wondering if i tried hard enough it's not like i spent each day until i passed out there were days where i just sat back and listened to music while waiting for something to build or compile
 ya but thats also valuable	 instead of doing something more benefactors like reading up on documentation
 reading up on documentaiton would not helped u get into college, and would have minimal effect in helping u with other things as well im saying if u had spent ur break time reading documentation instead of just sitting back	 it's not about college anymore, i'm starting to wonder why fetch broke why the turtlebots algorithm is janky

i'm starting to just wonder if i'm one of those ppl who will never reach there dreams because literally just physically i'm incapable sure those stories about ppl trying their hardest are nice but are they actually content with what they are doing i guess it's not about being content but rather understanding yourself but even then wouldn't it be frustrating to see that one day you're not who you thought you were or could be there are millions of ppl who just die, be it from old age or accidents, that never achieved much, much as in what other ppl see but more importantly what they see in themselves i suppose the direct answer would be "that's life" or "cest la vie" but that's a shitty answer that's just like saying, no, we can't break light speed how frustrating is that maybe it's the shadow of failure that's looming over me right now or perhaps it's the crippling idea of self doubt all i know is that i want to create create something that this world hasn't seen before, not simply for the novelty but rather for itself the desire to create meaning is what drives me but what happens if there actually is no meaning holy shit that was edgy damn boi
 ya there really isn't meaning	 thx man that was super reassuring 🐱 <3 i think i just went through a cycle of existential crisis, self doubt, self reflection, self contemplation, self debate, and finally, sarcasm and memes
 and ya i feel u, i've thought a lot about that too, like regret and looking back in 30 yrs and wishing i had done xyz. that's why i'm unhealthily paranoid about taking all the opportunities that i get. i'm kinda chronically overloading myself bc i'm always afraid i will regret not doing something if i turn it down. it's fricking scary to think that if you say end up in dorm 34 in college u could be the next zuckerberg or eduardo, but if your dorm 33 you can end up as a normal white worker. all the "what ifs" in life kill me and about the meaning of life, ya i really don't think there is a meaning, its really just what goals you want to set urself onto. creating meaning is creating meaning -for urself- right so as long as u think its meaningful than it is	 yeh
 personally i think i'm driven by the desire to create as much positive impact on the ppl in the world as i can. i want to leave the earth knowing i bettered it and also i want to be remembered so i can continue living in history and won't actually die but the second one is my selfish drive, the first one is my selfless drive and both motivate me a lot	 i used to think that since life has no meaning that makes life so much more meaningful living it

but now i think it's more about since life has no meaning it's up to you to create meaning. like a blank canvas it's nothing but possibilities but the catch is that there's only one canvas idk if i have a selfish or selfless drive if that's possible, it's more like the act of creating is what enraptures me to the point where it doesn't matter the motivation, the flame of it just exists sure if if another motivation whether it be selfish or selfless pops up it'll add to the palate but it's not the palate or brush i say this as emacs crashes lmao it's not like i feel content or happy when i "finish" making something. it becomes more like, what's next i've never really broken it down that much before maybe i'm just creating for the sake of creating idk at this point perhaps when i get the point where i've made something bigger and better i'll come back to rethink this point
 ah well u don't necessarily need a reason to create (unless u want funding)	 🐱
 but then u can just say something about militarys and disasters and then spend all the money on a useless jumping robot 🐱	 i say all this but i still don't think all creations are equal from even conception to realization in the real world when i told josh that i didn't find any of his projects interesting it's actually how i feel with a lot of different tech rn in real life maybe i'm so drawn to legged locomotion because it gives the possibility of being so much more than just " another machine" machines can only go so far and i believe that true for art tools *too perhaps i just want to create something that will surpass what i can create and in that paradoxical pursuit i find myself wondering what that could be though i suppose i'll never find out until i actually make it wow i just poured a lot of shit out lol maybe i should go to sleep
 lol thats interesting and ya u should i should to	 maybe i'll put this convo up on my wall lol
 lol wow this stanford roomate essay is quite... something virtually all of stanford's undergraduates live on campus. write a note to your future roommate that reveals something about you or that will help your roommate — and us — know you better. (100 to 250 words)

i don’t make concrete [non-tentative] plans often, but if we decide to meet somewhere on campus for lunch or to go out for dinner, don’t bail on me. if you commit to doing something with me, go through with it. if it ends up being horrible we’ll do something else.

hot water gets me thinking. you’ll quickly get used to me stepping out of the shower or a hot tub wondering why humans (and not manatees) have the power of rational thought and creativity.

if you don’t like tv or movies, you’re in trouble; i can and will relate nearly any situation to family guy, archer, zoolander, anchorman, or south park.

furthermore, prepare to be shown many irreverent clips from dozens of different shows and films [is there a single word to describe shows and films?].

i love to sing. everyone else hates it, because i’m horrible at singing.

i know all of the lyrics to any song after 2-3 listens, and i will google a song’s lyrics just to prove myself right (and you wrong, if it comes to that).

if i’m wrong, i’ll accept defeat. it would be prudent for you to do the same.

i will stay in my towel for anywhere from ten minutes to an hour after i shower.

when i text you, i expect a response promptly. i have no patience for someone who takes three days to get back to me with just a “k,” and i will call you out on it.

if i’m peeling a banana and accidentally make a hat by peeling a circle around the top of it, i will show you. "if i'm wrong i'll accept defeate. it would be prudent for you to do the same" lmao this person sounds pretty scary	 that girl sounds like a no no as in no no, i don't want to talk to you
 did u just assumer gender :o	 it says that person stays in a towel for up to an hour no respectable guy does that
 its actually a dude xd	 holy shit are you serious
 lol yes but this guy isn't very respectable	 hot damn is this what they look for at weedtown lol
 the comments on college confidential completely roasted him	 did he get in?
 "generally, i tell posters that it is not a good idea to post their essays because they risk someone submitting it as their own. however, i am fairly confident that nobody will steal this essay. i always try to find something positive to say in a critique, so: kudos on giving an example of what not to write for the stanford roommate essay. if this is supposed to be serious, i'd suggest starting over." it didn't say	 damnnnnnn
 he was posting his draft	 that's quite the roast that roast probably burned his towel
 "remove the "to prove myself right and you're wrong" after you talk about song lyrics. you sound childish and stubborn.
remove all of this -- if i’m wrong, i’ll accept defeat. it would be prudent for you to do the same.

i will stay in my towel for anywhere from ten minutes to an hour after i shower.

when i text you, i expect a response promptly. i have no patience for someone who takes three days to get back to me with just a “k,” and i will call you out on it.

don't even try to rephrase that. you sound annoying and childish for already putting all these rules on your roommate. you sound childish for being so hurt by text messages. some people just don't care about texting and will not text you back. the whole thing sounds like a threat and makes you seem incredibly overbearing." ya damn this person is like extreme david but creepier	 lol damn boi this person would hate how i treat social media lol
 "if i'm wrong i will accept defeat. it will prudent for you to do the same" lmao i can't get over this line it so funny in how out of place it sounds	 i wonder if that person actually wrote from the deepest part of their heart and that came out it must've been pretty crushing to have ppl from collegeboard tell him he's a wuss lol
 thats a pretty sad existence man if that came from the heart lol or maybe he had abusive parents idk i'll try not to judge btw how did u format ur mit activity list?	 one sec i just wrote a little paragraph for the description
 oh ok	 are you close to being done now? considering you know "@mommyrocks‌ thank you for your advice. after reading the comments and looking at my writing again, i realized that i do indeed come off as overbearing and somewhat vindictive like @surfer2attorney said. " wow, despite their initial impression from their essay this person takes criticism well perhaps they were just _really_ off on how they convey themselves in writing
 ya i'm just doing activity section now and then i'm gonna have ashley read through my entire package and then submit i might add a bit more to the additional info	 lol damn you sure want to use that additional info section
 bruh its perfect! no word limitit and the rest of mit's app is so restrictive	 yeh it really is i wonder why
 "love jamming out with teammates while working on robots 24/7 before our international competition (gcer) every year. botball is family." <3 i'm putting that as my description.	 lol you sappy
 ya lol i usually hate cheese but i'm letting it pass this time my og description was so bland, i just listed some awards and shit so gotta have that sap	 funnily enough, i actually did a similar thing wrote about how making the team feel like a family is just as important as working hard and building the robots
 <3 wait in ur activity section?	 yeh
 damn boi 40 words	 i gave the shortest summary of botball i could lol gotta throw in autonomous cuz that's what separates us from first :')
 lol what if is say "sci oly is 2nd family" ouch that would be kinda bad cuz i wrote an essay about it	 lol yeh... i actually didn't mention sci oly in my activities section just mentioned the 6th place esp since in my interview when i told her about how i ended up joining she said, "haha, so it's basically another excuse for you to make more robots?" and in my head i thought, "holy shit, you got meh" actually, now that i think about it i don't actually really do a lot of school extracurriculars lol
 lmao	 lmao
 wait what were ur 4?	 is that going to be my downfall? :') i shouldn't think about that fuk robots, botball, papercrafts, and paper not sure whether or not to replace the paper with sci oly didn't you do botball, sci oly, youth cities, and mahacks?
 ya wait whats paper paper and papercrafts?	 ppr from sophomore year
 the wut was that ur internship?	 did you know i was in your bio and chem class? 🐱
 lol what does ppr stand for i thought u worked for aptima	 i made a paper in botball remember, and then presented it lol
 ooh that kind of paper	 ppr stands for paper
 lol nice tho i feel like thats more of a scholastic distinction than an activity cuz like what did u put for the hours and weeks?	 da fuk is a scholastic distinction
 its not really a regularly occuring activity the awards section awards / distinctions	 oh truuu alright, i'mma put sci oly in then thx thx wow you sure know what you're doing 🐱
 i have carefully and exhaustively studied the mit application form since 9th grade	 that's uh damn
 jk like 10th grade	 wait, how many weeks does sci oly take place for lol
 im not obssessed	 yeh, that helps your case a lot bruh lol
 i said 36	 alrighty
 for all my clubs	 really?? isn't botball a lot more like 45-ish
 oh for botball i did 38	 we don't do botball for only like 2-ish months lol
 36 is how many weeks are in a school year and i added 2 weeks for gcer and extra meetings	 alright, i'll put 38 too then gotta keep consistency or i can put like 900 lol
 well i guess 36 is in pure numbers tho, technically the school yr is longer in weeks	 how about we just settle on 40
 actually nvm i just counted if u take out the breaks and stuff its 36 i forgot that i had actually counted them before as well	 so 36 or 38?
 38 for botball	 kkkk 38 botball, 36 sci oly time to write something about sci oly lol
 we compete in monthly regional meets and annual state meet and placed 6th (2016 & 2017) in massachusetts. 
scioly’s more than doubled in size since its founding. our focus now is giving back to the community through educational outreach programs. i tailored my description to feed into my app essay tho	 oh, i was going to be a bit more memey
 so u might want to have diff focus lol ya sure	 and talk about making 20 dollar shit in my basement "i am in charge of all the engineering and building events, such as robot arm in which i placed 2nd regionally, not bad for a budget of 20 bucks. in states we placed 6th in 2016 & 2017." is this too memey hmm, actually on average how many hours do we spend at botball...
 i said 6 wait actually i said 7 cuz of all the basement days lol	 lol yeh i felt like 6 is kinda short i did some rough estimates and i think the total number of free time we have if we optimize everything is around 70 hours a week not factoring in hw factoring in hw that probably goes down to half lol (hw including studying) so around 45 hours but then there's transportation time everyday so cut down like 5 or 6 hours per week leaving only around 40 hours
 oh lol ya i've tried to estimate it. in junior yr i put arule on myself to always be working at least 2/3 of my concious hours and the other 1/3 is mainly transportation, eating, showering etc. and i only get free time after i've fulfilled my 2/3 it worked for a while until i burned out	 lol, maybe i should change how i organize my things/time then
 also it makes u realize how much time we spend just walking or eating or talking	 i consider my personal robos as free time why do you think i listen to robo lectures while eating and working out? :')
 lol tru ya getting audible has been so helpful	 i was also estimating with 6 hours of sleep so to be "healthy" it should've been 8 hours so subtract 14 hours and that leaves 26 but that's so low smh
 oh lol ya on my daily schedule i had 5 hours allotted for sleep as a maximum i was kinda crazy in jr yr, no wonder i burned out	 wat how did you burn out 5 hrs is so much 🐱
 🐱	 are you freaking insane bruh
 ya... like u k the red botball notebook i used to carry around? i would plan every hr of my day, and make sure i was doing work for at least 2/3 of my concious hours i would always schedule things up to 2 am, estimating my wakeup time to be 7	 bruh bruhhhhhhhhhhh
 i've learned my lesson now i'm only scheduling up to 1 am now	 wow nice improvement 🐱
 have u ever burned out significantly? actually funny thing is what got me out of the burnout was the gcer cram sess this yr lol	 nope never burned out significantly if i ever get close i usually just end up sick lol which kind of resets it for me gotta love weak immune/respiratory systems helping you out in jams that are questionably helpful
 lol btw did u put gcer as a summer activity? how many hours did u put	 oh wait i need to check well let's see we spent like 8 hours per day there for 3 weeks 8 * 7 = 56 er wait that seems like a lot lol i put down 40 there are 168 hours a week and with 8 hours of sleep that leaves 112 hours and lets say there's 14 hours per week for transportation and shit with some food and some self-hygeine leaves like 95 hours per week of pure anything we want during the summer
 wait wut	 i'm saying your summer hours shouldn't go over like 100 hours max or else it'll be unrealistic and that i put 40 hours for botball in the summer
 ah ok	 dat feel when you realize all you do relates back to robos oh god
 well thats not a bad thing	 "robotics isn't viable"
-google 🐱
 🐱	 pressing that submit button is actually so nerve wracking
 are u doing it now?	 i'll do it tomorrow at 11:58 pm 🐱
 lmao	 alright, all that's left to send is mit... i'm sorry grandma

i just found out my grandmother died this morning. when i visited last i showed some interest in johns hopkins. i knew i was never a good enough applicant to be accepted there, but for some reason she always thought i would get in, and go there and visit her all the time. i'm sorry granny, i guess i'm not good enough.
i just found that on reddit
holy crap
that's depressing
 holy shit ..... btw u k whats also depressing mit's fricking additional info section has a 600 word limit but they don't say that anywhere my additionl info is at 1300 words wtf	 lol bruh yeh mit's app is pretty jank
 i found out when i clicked "save"	 oh did, you click the
 but it still didn't tell me what the limit was	 yup that's how lol
 so i slowly shaved off sentences until it accepted it lmao to find the word limit i'm really not digging mit's website right now	 that's either some hard core trolling or a grievous oversight holy shit, did you just say you didn't like something related to mit? who the fuck are you 🐱
 🐱	 yeh, it's really strange how their website is laid out it's almost like it never got updated past 2010
 lmaoo is this too edgy or do u think mit admissions officers will have a sense of humor i'm putting a link to a webpage in my additional info section, and i made it a tinyurl that reads "https://tinyurl.com/pleaseacceptme" bet you thought bill gates and mark zuckerberg started young. while still in school, these young entrepreneurs are trying to have an impact on the world around them. xd i think i'm gonna keep it	 you look like a nerd 🐱 tiny arms that's pretty funny why you been using the "xd" so much lately?
 i am? probably cuz memes did u check ur essays before u submit? bc mymit has been cutting out random words from my paragraphs	 really? that's weird did you use the "preview" button?
 ya i submitted tho the deed is done	 congrats!!!!
 🐱 thx	 idk why i'm doing this but i'm on reddit reading stories about ppl who got rejected from literally all their schools geezus
 🐱 bruh go watch some anime or romcoms are u done with submitting?	 still reviewing mit but then still got umich and wpi in feb some kid got rejected from all 9 schools with a 3.6 uw, 4.5 w gpa? i don't even know if that's bad, ok, or good gpa anymore lol
 i think that's like ok but not great gpa cuz of the uw the w is trippy bc some schools have 5 or 6 or scales	 6?! bruh
 ya. so weighted is dumb also remember the gpa is like one of the smallest things on ur app it's more about the rest of ur stuff	 wait, i actually don't know if our gpa's are weighted or not lmao fuk
 wdym	 wait, the gpa's they show us on our transcript is weighted right? so wouldn't 3.9 actually be a lot lower uw
 ya https://blog.prepscholar.com/whats-an-unweighted-gpa-how-to-calculate-it what's an unweighted gpa? how do you calculate an unweighted gpa? find the definition here for your college applications.	 welp shiz, should've applied to a 70%+ school
 winchester does unweighted wierd an a and a+ are both 4.0 whereas our school has a as 3.7	 welp shit, our uw must be pretty low by default then
 that's why u have like the average uw gpa of ucb students is 3.95 no i mean colleges will recalculate they don't send ur unweighted gpa to schools	 you sure? ah man idk why i'm even thinking about this stuff anymore lol
 i'm pretty sure on the transcript the uw is not there like remember the meeting with guidance?	 yeh you're right hot dayumn i wish i knew the reason for why you can have random bursts of panic over something
 bc prolonged panic is impractical for survival and no panic will kill you	 thx evolution
 🐱	 "i submitted my common app essay but realized i had a large space between paragraphs. will this be bad?" holy shit everyone on reddit is freaking out it's like watching mass hysteria in text form
 🐱 auto reject	 trying to figure out what to do... might as well just work out i suppose yo what's cooler a biped or a quadruped
 biped well i feel like quadrepeds are slightly easier cuz balance?	 yeh they are
 whym *why do u ask	 looking for the next thing to make alright just submitted mit i guess i should go study for midterms now
 bruh midterms week is all half days you'll be fine	 i'm not actually sure how to spend the rest of my day lol
 hey hey wanna write my stanford app for me	 holy fucking shit you didn't finish that yet?! bruh
 nope im doing the last question	 alright, i'mma help ya
 then gotta go back and edt nah its ok but i'll let u k when i need editing	 i'mma read all dat juicy unedited paragraphs hmmmmm unedited writing that felt creepy to say "thrown into the room of artist" whoa, napping from 7pm really screws with you
 lol i'm not going to school tomorrow ntw	 wat
 20% bc college apps and 80% bc i don't want to xd senioritis is hitting so hard	 aren't u done doe holy shit bruh, midterms haven't even started lol
 ya i wasn't able to finish stanford cuz i was out most of the day doing family stuff for new years	 wait wat, you didn't submit weedtown?!
 well they're pretty finalized like i can probably finish in 2 or 3 hrs nope it's due tonifht	 oh jan 2 ? ahh ic ic i think i need a change of pace so i'm going to school tomorrow how's grinding
 lol i just woke up woops	 bruh 🐱
 on the brightside i found this sicc catchy beat: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_gracpitpa i'm planning on submitting before ashley leaves for chicago, around 3 pm	 nice nice i've just been working out
 ah speaking of which i broke the contract with tanishk woops i'll go workout tomorrow instead	 bruh u better lawyer up asshhole 🐱
 🐱 hey can u read one of my essays or are u in class rn	 i'm working out rn lol
 lmao	 i typed that while doing push ups 🐱
 wow i'm proud of u but hey wanna read my essay while doing puhsuo jk whenever u have free time just hmu pls	 you can send it now i'm just doing weights
 somewhere in space, my code wooshes by at 30,000 kilometers-per-hour.

yes my code. that jumble of wordy comments and sketchy bug-patches i had thrown together during my internship at accion-systems. 

i sometimes peer up at the night sky and wonder if i could spot the satellite using my code for its propulsion system. what is it doing? collecting weather data perhaps? or maybe conducting secret military reconnaissance over afghanistan. i’ll go with the second one. 

i know, it’s absurd. 

but this unshakable feeling, that years of self-taught knowledge and practice have culminated in a tangible effect on the world -- this is why i wake up every morning excited to learn. i have always been more compelled by what learning allows me to do rather than the simple accumulation of facts:

learning basic circuitry in 6th grade allowed me to create an ultrasonic glove to help my blind classmate better navigate the school halls. learning to play my grandpa’s favorite chopin ballade touched his heartstrings, and mine. months of learning and practice led to the first time my robot *whirred* and *clicked* to life.

to me, learning is the ultimate actuator, granting me the ability to mold and shape the world around me and to touch the lives of others. each piece of knowledge is a backstage pass to access the whirring gears and pistons of the great universal machine. although i have only one pair of hands, the power of learning has extended my reach 2000 kilometers into space.	 imao actuator technically your hands would be an omni transversal gear
 i hope those english majors know what that is	 🐱 jk jk that term was made up i'm sure english majors know words i like it though
 ok anything i should change?	 the pair of one hands i would like to see a bit more expansion on the last sentence if possible
 wdym by expansion	 cuz it doesn't directly tie back with the learning part it's about ur hands and ur reach if you read just that sentence and your beginning it seems a bit disconnected
 ok	 though i doubt you have the space to expand how many words you at
 i should make my imagery a little more handsy 250 but i can cut down on some places	 yup yup
 like emphasizing how bad my own code is :'(	 lol yeh, those english majors won't know what a comment is maybe take out sketchy too
 they probably don't k what an internship is maybe i should just scrap it and list abunch of computer language	 since you're talking about a professional satellite in space lol bruh 🐱
 *i'm excited to learn bc of how many languages i know! so many languages!"	 🐱 don't meme so hard near your due date pls lol that's dangerous
 true true ok anything else?	 hmm not really substance wise got anything else for me to read? i'm about to shower
 not yet	 alright i'll just read them all anyway 🐱 jk jk you got this!
 thx thx roy boioboiboiboiboi can u read over something real quick oh btw i chose not to do "i"m getting fat gotta hit the gym" for my extra hr prompt lmao	 what did you do?
 i did brushing up on my mandarin so i can finally have a full conversation with my grandparents lol	 wow nerd jk jk
 which i've been thinking about doing anyways after college app ends oh but can u read this and tell me if its too wierd:	 that's one of the most wholesome things i've heard say
 - name one thing you are looking forward to experiencing at stanford. (50 word limit)

being surrounded by nerds. quirky nerds. to be able to ponder out loud why men have nipples without getting weird looks, or discuss the merits of quantum computing late through the night. at stanford, i want to build meaningful friendships forged by our burning curiosity and shared love of learning.	 this is stanford not stacy dude 🐱 jkjk from what i've seen and talked with stanford kids i don't think they're that outlandish like that nipple thing is really out there
 lol true but its a valid qustion i actually pondered. maybe i belong at stacy 🐱 also stanford ppl call themselves the "nerd nation"	 typical nerds don't talk about male nipples bruh lol
 fineeeeee whats something else that i pondered out loud the existence of free will oh yo this actually exists: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjausagpazq this is my common app personal statement. it is 648 words. i spent a very long time on it. enjoy. thank you appsademia for inspiring the idea for this video!... holy shit	 idk, if that's what you're actually looking forward to at weedtown then i think you should put it down but if it was more to show quirkyness then perhaps tone it down yeh i saw that
 oh really	 that was my second reason not to mention that lol
 oh lol wait did she get in to stanford	 pretty sure she did lol
 🐱	 so there are bounds to be multiple kids looking for something to write about that mentions that just cuz of the internet
 true i have one more question left which is the event in history	 did you mention q computing since neither of us know anyone who does it lol you're not going to revise the looking forward at stanford one? hmmm you could mention the moon landing or perhaps woz and jobs making apple what theme does your supps have?
 nah well what do u think i should change about it besides toning it down? my other idea was talking about the wierd on-campus events stanford holds, and talking abotu destressing with friends by going to those events but both are pretty basic third is getting involved in their hacker community, treehacks, but thats less of an "experience" and more what i plan to do at stanford	 idk if i was going to be brutally honest with you i thought your og one was a bit basic cuz it essentially boils down to having intellectual conversations un momento pot favor i'm walking home rn so no internet
 ok	 baking *back what were we discussing?
 ok how about u read over my app and tell me what u think would fit in the historical event question and the looking forward question if u have time	 kkkkkkkkkk
 wait not yet	 bruh lol didn't ashley leave too
 i need to label the ends of my essays lmao ok u can look now https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-8xll6iugiunkpiqa9rmbpiybn9l32flq1uh_0oc3wu/edit?usp=sharing the main themes i think are i'm into stem and entrepreneurship, but i'm pretty curious about a lot of other things. i'm trying not to box myself in	 i saw the ahmerst admissions video
 but i do think i get my pt about stem and entrepreneurship across, especially with my activities list	 "this girl is a bit too much 'in-the-box,' let's vote" -> no hands raised -> "waitlisted"
 ya i remember that	 alright, ms hession said she can write a rec for me :') so i got petty and hession *whew
 nice!	 hmm, i kinda liked carlson's doe, eh too late now
 u saw carlson's letter of rec?	 nah, but carlson said it turned out well
 oh	 and plus if what petty said was true about our recs looking similar that would hurt all of us lol i also like "power pose"
 yay that was my harvard supp that i converted into my new common app	 "modern hacker culture encourages flashy projects with no real-world application beyond the 24-hours of their inception" hey what the fuck man that's not cool :'( 🐱
 🐱	 da heck the building of the pyramids i thought you only liked things with applications 🐱
 lol wait what does a historical event with appplications look like	 the wright brothers making their airplane lift off that's like one of the biggest ones lol
 nah i was just being honest about what fascinates me. wasn't trying to push an obvious theme like "the founding of the first hackathon" well maybe but everyone knows how the airplane was built why do u need to see it	 you're fascinated with rocks in the shape of a triangle? i believe there's a fundamental difference between "hearing" and seeing you can hear about how great smart phones are but you don't get it until you see it with your own eyes and experience it yourself that's a recent example lol
 well i'm sure you've seen plenty of smart phones close up tho lol ur talking abotu experiencing which is lilke if i built the first airplane myself idk i find it kinda boring to just "watch" something if i already k what happened. like i wouldn'tr eally get much from the experience	 tell that to me when we see atlas do a flip irl and have the broken pieces smash into our faces
 maybe seeing how woz and jobs came up with apple, that i would learn from	 jobs: "woz, i'm going to take your machine and kick you in the balls"
woz: "ok" jk jk
 🐱	 however, everything changed when the fire nation attacked. do you think the ao's are young enough to get that lol if we assume that most of them are mid 20's
 oh shit wait wait wiat lol that was a joke put in for when ashley read it lmao	 the last episode was from like 2005
 ignore that	 25 - 13 = 12 nvm the ao's would probably get it lol
 lol i forgot that was still there did u really think i put that into my essay	 nvm, you're over the word limit lol want me to take that out well i mean, you talked about sucking dude's nipples so
 ye sure wow	 🐱
 its a valid question bc biologically they're useless ok ok	 lol i see you put highschool as one word to keep you at that smooth 250 i actually like the toned down ver of your looking forward to essay "being surrounded by nerds. quirky nerds. to be able to ponder out loud the existence of free will without getting weird looks, or discuss the merits of quantum computing late through the night. at stanford, i want to build meaningful friendships forged by our burning curiosity and shared love of learning." it's pretty good and fits well after reading the rest of your app i mean i suppose you can ask why girls have clitorises if you want to be original and still freaking weird
 lmao well they're not useless ;)	 pls nu
 ok anything i should change overall	 hmm, not really you just gotta finish the history one lol well, since you like star wars so much why not the moment when george lucas thought it up and started to write it down and shiz? or maybe when woz presented the pc to jobs and jobs realized how big the technology could be that instance of jobs understanding and realizing the possible future in front of him, going on to pitch his vision and dream to others
 hmm ok	 i personally actually really like the woz n' jobs one lol
 but what do i get from just watching his facial expressions change i feel like i wouldn't learn anything	 i'm talking about him making an "o" face and saying fuck yes lol i'm talking about when he explains his vision of the computer to woz and shit
 ah screw it the admissions officers are not gonna overthink this lol so i should probably stop overthinking	 when jobs tells woz about how great it could be and woz is like "meh idk man" “steve jobs played no role at all in any of my designs of the apple i and apple ii computer and printer interfaces and serial interfaces and floppy disks and stuff that i made to enhance the computers. he did not know technology. he’d never designed anything as a hardware engineer, and he didn’t know software. he wanted to be important, and the important people are always the business people. so that’s what he wanted to do.”

-woz hot damn woz lol what about eduardo doe rip
 damn wait is there anything else i should change abotu stanfod app did u read all my essays?	 yeh i read all of them i read them like what we think an ao would 8 minutes total content wise i think you said probably what you aimed to do there's nothing i would change and you know i don't like to nitpick like your phrasing unless it's unreadable lol i actually don't understand why ppl do that, since it's always attributed to how they would word it, resulting in the loss of your own voice and the possibility of it being still unclear to others
 ok	 are you going to submit after you write the history one? wait, wasn't the plan to be done before ashley left?
 ya lol woops	 lol it's alright man you got this want me to do another read through before you submit to help catch any typos n' stuff?
 ya sure that would be coolio actually ifu have time woudl u mind reading like my entire app with the activities section	 bruh jk jk yeh sure oh wait, when ppl mean recycle essays they mean like actually just copy paste? lol i thought it was taking ideas and perhaps some sentences at most from another essay welp
 i mean it could mean both like i copied and pasted most of my things from one of my mit essays for the last stanford one cuz it worked pretty well with the prompt like there's not reason not to if u think u worded it the best way in a previous app	 tru but apparently there are ppl who directly copy pasta and leave the college names in
 oh well ya theyre dumb	 or they're just shotgunning as hard as they can lol i'm not trying to sound like a douche or anything but have you ever found it strange that there are people who's main goal is to just work at a big company? like working at google or microsoft
 nah i don't think it's strange	 i have a really hard time wrapping my head around it
 bc they probably like the work that the company does just like u want to work for bd	 lol, i wanna learn from them but when it comes down to it i want the freedom to be able to do my own projects oh shit it's my artist side showing up again oh god
 u can't do that if u don't have money lol	 hey hey, fuk u :'(
 and also doing ur own projects makes ur scope and potential impact a lot smaller than if u had the resources of google or microsoft so some ppl might want to tackle bigger projects and google and microsoft work on so many things they can probably have a good range of choice	 back in da vinci's day you had to be an artist if you wanted to be able to be an engineer now it's more like you need to be an engineer to comfortable pursue art
 yup	 google let go of so many robo places lol maybe i'm also concerned about being clumped together in this one "entity" fuck socialism 🐱
 wdym by clumped together into one entity	 maybe it's cuz i value the product or creation a whole lot more than any name or company lol
 i mean regardless of what u do ur gonna have to work with others on projects lol. unless u do robots in ur basement all day 🐱	 i mean, would you rather make your own company or be stuck in google for the rest of your life? ^^^ that's like the most blunt way i can put it
 well no one is "stuck in google" cuz everyone has to really try in order to even get to google lol and u can quit and i'd definitely work for google if i had the chance, but i would probably quit and start my own company after i think i've learned what i wanted from the experience	 you know what i meant by stuck lol, just staying there and yeh, that's how i would to play things out too
 i mean whatever i find will accomplish my goals, i'm down	 so that's why i don't fully understand ppl who just want to land a job and stay there
 oh well some ppl just have different goals	 i guess it just boils down to ppl having different goals and stuff lmao hey hey, stop saying what i'm saying 🐱 it's creepin' me out
 and some ppl don't even care that much about what they work on, they just wanna live a happy life with friends and family so stable jobs are their end game 🐱	 that sad feel when jobs couldn't keep his family life remotely happy that sad feel when woz had like 3 divorces but hey, zuckerberg is doing fine 🐱
 ya tru he married his first gf that's really wholesome	 and then he fucked eduardo wait wat 🐱
 true also elon musks personal life is pretty shitty too	 i mean the dude seems to have really strange ideas on how relationships work according to people's accounts who have been close with him lol
 ya but i'd choose to be elon musk over zucjerberg life ill be a miserable anti-social eccentric but hey look how many industries i'm revolutionizing. also my ego would still be relatively in check	 and you'll still have your bros lol
 elon musks a pretty humble person consideri n his accomplishments truu	 all the bros but no girls 🐱
 i could buy infinit cold ones with that moneu	 lmao wait, if there's a red line on your app that means it doesn't exist right?
so everything is a-ok?
idk why i'm having a mini panic attack over something so small now lol
 ? wdym ya it means it doesn't exist or it would be the yellow dot but i would also make sure u got a confirm email from all the achools	 gotta love awkward confirmation systems
 when steve wozniak showed steve jobs his hobby pc project. i want to see the look on jobs’ face as he realizes the potential held in that tiny chip. i want to hear and understand his thought process, and learn from his amazing foresight and creative vision for the future. how doe it sound also how does this sound being surrounded by creative nerds. i want to be able to suggest exceedingly-nerdy projects and be met with resounding interest, from running a sci-fi-themed hackathon to creating our own personalized ai. i want to build meaningful friendships with people who are just as excited to create as i am. i think the topic is better, the wording might be a little awkward. let me k changed it again to this: 
being surrounded by nerds who are excited by future technologies, who will eagerly join me in a million nerdy endeavors, from running a sci-fi-themed hackathon to creating our own personalized ai. i want to build meaningful friendships with people who are just as excited to create as i am. yoyoyo u wanna read before i submit?	 lo siento i was asleep lol i like the second one and the woz n' jobs one is pretty good too
 submitte fuck yea im done done done done done done	 congrats! hey hey wanna help me with umich and wpi?
 ya sure i forgot ur not done	 🐱 i think i'll take this week off and start writing them on the weekend
 that's probably a good idea	 holy shit i just spent 2 hours on college reddit threads i-i think i have a problem
 bruh	 how do i stop this
 work on some robos?	 this is freaking my out lol
 watch some rom coms watch some anime watch some porn	 i think i'll go study
 or that	 🐱 how da fuk did i stoop so low :(
 bruh lol ur fine its normal thing to do	 just like puberty?
 🐱	 🐱 damnit the simulator i need is only for windows or mac i know i dualboot but it's such a hassle 🐱 i should probably go do hw instead lol imma try to aim for a biped design but if it turns out that the calculations point to &$$$$ motors imma go for a quadruped actually quadrupeds might be even more expensive depending on how big they are fuk it, simulations first er drama hw first for tonight sorry, i find small rants like this a quick and ez way to organize my thoughts lol
 lol np i still need to do english hw but i've procrastinated the shit out of it	 i feel
 ^link^	 🐱 the r in legged locomotion stands for real world applications
 🐱	 r u in school today?
 yup	 holy shit what if we make a legged skateboard
 ro roy please no that defeats the purpose of a skateboard lmao	 no it doesn't it still goes vroom vroom do have workout clothes lol
 no who needs workout clothes	 bruh lol
 lol isn't it just lifting things i'm in jeans lmao	 bruh wait didn't you work out in the past?
 ya but that was the summer so i was just in shorts i just wore what i was wearing lol	 lmaooo i think you need some of those kind of clothes
 woops i actually need to get my shit together for college first impressions amirite	 buff buddies
 yeee	 u at the gym rn? imma call u  you missed a call from foxy roxy.
 lol whatsup yo wanna smash roy u coming to bois night  you called foxy roxy.	 sorry :'( love you mah boi what you guys doing?
 probably a board game or movie oh waijt r u actually comin	 if i finish before like 2 am lol
 bruhhh	 you had pretty good gains doe not gonna lie
 lol thanks u done with rwdc?	 nope
 smhsmh tell everyone i said hi	 lol wait you guys had a botball meeting?? wait, what happened?
 well we just kinda got on the topic of botball	 but why didn't jenn and i get informed
 wdym?	 the post on important info
 oh we posted it in the officer chat first, did u have anything u disagreed with about the schedule? can you read the officer chat one if you haven't already	 nah but it was strange to just have it pop up w/o much opportunity to go over it before it getting posted
 and we can always change it if we want but its basically exactly what we talked about before break about how we wanted to break up into smaller groups and do strat brainstoring cuz we all agreed on this since way at the start of the yr right	 wait why are you typing so much lol
 we didn't really come up with anything different	 do u think i'm mad or something lol
 lol u sounded pretty put off	 🐱 nah boi u know me by now
 lol well i'm pretty sure jen is pissed off	 plus i trust u guys judgement yeh she is a bit miffed
 about what part?	 sorry if i sounded mad lol i'm just really tired
 we can always take down the thing in important info if there are any problems with it lol i doubt many ppl have seen it we just thought it was like all agreed on since the start of the yr (this is mainly to jen)	 nah she just feels as if she's been put on the backburner ever since she said she want going to gcer
 well we tried to schedule a lot of botball meetings around her schedule lol	 she meant in terms of group making lol btw she doesn't know i'm telling you how she feels but i feel info that leads to better understanding is valuable
 but she hasn't said anything against the groups that we've made which has basically stayed the same since months ago	 also if i was mad i'd be a lot more serious than a freaking chat msg lol, that's weak sauce i would powermoves 🐱 and then fail perhaps it's just silent disproval idk man perhaps we just need to reach out to her more
 ok so back when max and david came up with a preliminary grouping list in discord, she commented this as feedback:

"interesting but well planned
ill just say this rn, but i probably cant lead a robo group
thinking about just the team's benefit, its probs not a good idea, even if that means im not working on a main bot
everything else seems fine-ish" so we assumed (1) she thought the plan was fine, (2) she's ok with not working on a main robot (3) she doesn't want to lead a robo group btw is there any chance you'll come to max's house? or no	 er it's getting pretty late lol my head is also fed lol idk what i've been typing in chat or in doc for the past couple hours man u wrote a lot about the jenn stuff lol u ok? da bois r here
 oh ya no cuz jen and i talked and she seemed salty cuz we wanted to put her with the "experienced team" instead of the "main team", but thats mainly bc we felt she would have a muhc bigger role if she were on the "experienced team"	 ohh yeh man i'm a bit too scatterbrained rn to have much deep thoughts i'll have to excuse me for a bit lol
 y anp *ya np	 i'll have to excuse myself lol wut did i type i'm nervous to look at old msgs to see how shit they are
 lol it's ok we just ended bois night oh what time would u be available for a call tomorrow?	 awww
 about botball	 idk i think i'll be at rwdc again tomorrow lol i'll probs be free all day technically
 welp well jen said she could be at a call tomorrow so maybe u guys could call together lol	 oh ic ic i can't believe you're undermining ppl still 🐱 you douche face man the memes are really  piling up
 ya it's kinda sad	 yeh... u doing alright u seem to get undeservingly in the center of this kind of stuff a lot
 lol nah it's ok i'm doing fine maybe max shouldve asked her about the groupings instead of me plus i think times of struggle really show who ur real friends are	 it's unfortunate that that's how it tends to be oh yeh if you were still wondering why she was mad it was since she saw your convo with vara and that apparently tipped her over idk how you want to take that info but i think you at least deserve some understanding/knowledge though gossip is never a good thing did i just contradict myself lol fuk
 ya i already knew she saw it but apparently she was super pissed at me before for random reasons	 oh then idk outside is whiter than kylo ren's chest
 lmao	 not gonna lie simulations take a lot more work than i thought i now respect simulators a lot more now wait, did no one else know about you benching lol wait, let me cover it up
 lol no	 no to cover up or?
 and lol no need to cover it up no one else knew but i don't really mind	 ahh have you dual booted yet???
 nope	 bruhhh 🐱 rwdc is draining meh
 dude idk why u even joined	 i said i could help them if they needed it and then yup
 bruh u could of just said u would help but not be on the team	 i'm pretty bad at saying no and thinking of ways like that
 🐱 "hey kid u want some crack" "hey kid can u help me bury this dead body"	 "hey kid if you shoot this guy you can join me in making robots" jenn is rapping rn
 wut oh are u still at rwdc lmao	 yes
 lol have fun :d	 maybe you and jenn can bond together by working on rwdc together
 lol no im good	 alright i'm done time to get to simulating legged robots
 nice!	 are you sure you don't want to make legged skateboards?
 ya lol but we should talk abotu what we wanna do for our senior project	 ok what do you wanna do? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wj-csq_3kz0 let's make this
 that a a pretty cool simulation what if we did something with drones not legged drones 🐱	 drones are boring though josh 🐱 well, i suppose it depends on what you have in mind with drones
 killer ai micro drones 🐱	 founds like some liberal bullshit to me wait wut 🐱 hmm, i'm starting to realize why legged robots are so expensive now
 lol ya actually an ai drone would b super cool	 what would it do though
 disasters pterydactyls	 drones aren't exactly the best platform for manipulating its environment alright man, i see you memein' on meh
 well what about autonomously mapping the environment it can be used to find things maybe, find ppl if we do face tracking this would be great for senior assassin lmao but drones def have a lot more maneuverability then land robots for mapping environments	 slam'ing on a drone is extremely hard rn lol, not many drones exist that can do that cuz of sensor size and power why you wanna build a drone for assassin' ppl.. hmmmm i got my eye on you now as does the nsa
 i k mit beaverworks had a summer track for high schoolers that was about navigation with autonomous drones maybe it doesn't need to perform a whole slam but some kind of positional tracking and then object avoidance might do	 then i'm sure a camera, imu, and several ultrasonic sensors would do then for really crude positional tracking but if the drone has a target then it could just base its position off of the target's and then worry about interfering obstacles as a side thing
 well the target might not be in view	 yeh tru, what would the drone do when the target gets shot 🐱
 🐱 idk that's just an idea i think is cool, if u have any other ideas shoot it could be something more hardwarey bc this would be mainly software	 this may sound like quite the twist but i kinda wanna do something that has more direct impact/usability
 *gasp* did i just hear real-world-applications same actually, i was thinking we should do a senior project that can test some kind of bigger concept, and if our shitty prototype ends up actually working it has the scalibility for a longer-term thing	 did you just talk business
 rn my main interest is wearable ai, but the hardware portion is mainly jsut dependent on being very miniturizable, which is pretty much impossible with cots electronics	 hold on, i need you to translate that into binary so i can understand what you just said
 01110011 01100001 01101101 01100101 00100000 01100001 01100011 01110100 01110101 01100001 01101100 01101100 01111001 00101100 00100000 01001001 00100000 01110111 01100001 01110011 00100000 01110100 01101000 01101001 01101110 01101011 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01110111 01100101 00100000 01110011 01101000 01101111 01110101 01101100 01100100 00100000 01100100 01101111 00100000 01100001 00100000 01110011 01100101 01101110 01101001 01101111 01110010 00100000 01110000 01110010 01101111 01101010 01100101 01100011 01110100 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100001 01110100 00100000 01100011 01100001 01101110 00100000 01110100 01100101 01110011 01110100 00100000 01110011 01101111 01101101 01100101 00100000 01101011 01101001 01101110 01100100 00100000 01101111 01100110 00100000 01100010 01101001 01100111 01100111 01100101 01110010 00100000 01100011 01101111 01101110 01100011 01100101 01110000 01110100 00101100 00100000 01100001 01101110 01100100 00100000 01101001 01100110 00100000 01101111 01110101 01110010 00100000 01110011 01101000 01101001 01110100 01110100 01111001 00100000 01110000 01110010 01101111 01110100 01101111 01110100 01111001 01110000 01100101 00100000 01100101 01101110 01100100 01110011 00100000 01110101 01110000 00100000 01100001 01100011 01110100 01110101 01100001 01101100 01101100 01111001 00100000 01110111 01101111 01110010 01101011 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01101001 01110100 00100000 01101000 01100001 01110011 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01110011 01100011 01100001 01101100 01101001 01100010 01101001 01101100 01101001 01110100 01111001 00100000 01100110 01101111 01110010 00100000 01100001 00100000 01101100 01101111 01101110 01100111 01100101 01110010 00101101 01110100 01100101 01110010 01101101 00100000 01110100 01101000 01101001 01101110 01100111 there ya go	 i mean wearable ai i think is still possible with cots parts, it just won't be comfortable lol how did you do that so fast
 magic the magic of online text to bin converter	 but the ai part will have to very good if we want results from that though
 hmm this will need more ponderance i gotta go do my english essay tho, but we should keep thinking of ideas	 i wanna be cfo
 wanna just make a google doc and each of us can add to it when we think of something	 🐱
 🐱	 yeh sure i'll just pop one up and a folder too in case we need to chart shit
 ok sweet'	 btw, have you seen jibo? it's the latest attempt from the robotics community to make an ai personal assistant
 the home robot with the face?	 yup yup
 ya	 the hardware was all there but the software rendered it more like a toy than a tool let alone a helper/companion
 qelp	 yeh, i feel like if the software was more close to google or amazon's pa systems then jibo would've make a much bigger splash in the market instead of ending up as a novelty
 oh ya he literally can't do anything lma his movement is pretty cool tho	 what does lma mean? yeh, jibo's movement is smooth af, those engineers who got that working could be working for disney's imagineers
 *lmao	 oh lol https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=126&v=d8mxl2japwm they just made drones that can herd sheep
 lol thats actually a pretty good application, for a niche customer base	 or like all of new zealand 🐱
 true	 coming up with ideas is harder than i thought do you mind if i take a look at your umich app?
 ya sure i have the whole folder shared with u	 alright, done with my first drafts of my final apps
 wpi?	 and umich
 nice. ru ready for editing?	 yup yup getting confused as to why isn't the main cell the best ppl w/ juniors https://www.reddit.com/r/applyingtocollege/comments/7ov6mj/the_colleges_process_has_made_me_realize_that_sat/ because after a certain threshold you cross, the numbers stops mattering and shit like personality and how much money you have to give start to matter https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/311624746913628161/399777061876793355/2017-11-06_it-s-the-silence-that-keeps-him-up.jpg  modular wearable technology?
perhaps a piece of tech you can literally put on any piece of cloth and makes it a smart device we have so much physics work time to grind, working hard
 wait wut what physics work	 lab due wed free resp counter tomorrow mc quiz friday chapter 5 stretch probs friday lab due midterms lol
 wtf free resp. counter	 hefty amount of stuff lol
 since when was there a counter :'( i didnt' k dis	 didn't he tell you in class? i think it's also on the calendar some of the ideas on the idea sheet are getting crazier and crazier lol what if we just attach wheels to the mousetrap and leave it at that 🐱
 🐱 legged mousetrap vehicle legged helicopter	 perfect where u at oh wait nvm lol
 ? lol	 you working out????
 ya lol its leg day. i'm about to go to my appointment soon	 you getting mad calves?
 nah thighs are where it's at	 you into thighs? 🐱 btw we have a working mousetrap vehicle now need to modify the base and stuff but we won't be dq'd now and it can move lol
 noiiice	 you got an eta?
 uh i'm still waiting to be seen, there's a lot of ppl here today for some reason probably 7:30 to 8	 lol hot dayumn your doc sure is popular is he or she hot like jenn's dentist?
 lmao he's a 50 yr old man dude	 ahh a silver fox i understand
 🐱	 🐱 do you think ar is viable? actually, before that question lol how da heck did you get number 5 on the lab?!
 can u give me the question?	 nvm, the internet gave me a solid answer lol https://physics.stackexchange.com/questions/99387/does-the-tension-of-a-rope-cable-change-if-acceleration-velocity-changes for example, imagine an object of a certain mass which is attached to a rope and is dangling in the air. the rope needs to have a certain tension to be able to hold the object up, that is, negate the
 lol shit uh so my mom is pissed at me and she said i can't go to ur house	 🐱 bruh
 what time tomorrow?	 idk i have tutoring tomorrow ben and i will try to wrap up mousetrap and call it a day ben and i have a lot of school work piled up so idk how much we can get done i also might need some lab cheese depending on how far we get lol
 ya i can give u my lab and also if there's any hw that i could do i could do it for u if u guys are still working on mousetrap	 we also need to make up some data logs lol nah dun worry about it ben and i handled stuff like this for three years now lol
 lol ok just lmk if u need me to do anything and i can come help with helicopters after e club tomorrow	 ben and i ran out of time lol heli is going to be a meme how long does the lab take again? from phil: hey roy
i think it was cheng or chris who asked one of the officers (maybe you idk) about if the thermo build materials had arrived
and they said they didn't know which materials exactly
so i'll send you some pics so you can confirm
whether or not  they came
these are the blankets: and this is the aerogel: 🐱 🐱 the mousetrap broke this has been a terrible day
 wait really there are a few in the box lol	 i slipped in the shower, i used some shitty body lotion i got beat in ping pong
 also do u still need the lab?	 no update from boston dynamics oh that would be nice to check answers the robots from the leg lab are actually at bd i found out that's pretty cool physics is killing meh 🐱
 🐱 the lab?	 wowow, you have yet another addition to the justin yu fan club lol
 wait wut	 vara msgd in the chat that apparently johanna fanned over you lmaoooo
 oh right idk	 me popular *mr i didn't get much sleep last night
 really? why not	 ben and i worked on mousetrap until nine-ish and then i had hw and studies and apps lol
 shiit sorry i couldnt help :/  i got into a fight with my mom after the doctors lol	 wow this sticker thing is so stupid it's funny
 and she refused to drive me to ur house	 u doing alright? parent fights are never fun
 but in my defense i was just trying to convince her that vaccines are real sooooooo my mom is literally anti-vax but shes not a redneck so idk how that works	 ur mom believes in green injection gmos??? 🐱
 🐱	 wait u got into an argument with ur mother over vaccines... da fuck lol
 ya well i've argued with her about vaccines for a while. theres a reason i don't get the flu vaccine every year and also why i get sick with the flu like every yr xd	 wat, you don't get the flu vaccine bruh lol
 this time the doctor strongly recommended i get the hbv and a few other vaccines for some deadly diseases and so i was tryna argue with her thats important i get them	 well i guess you can maybe develop a great immune system lol
 and shes like "wesstern medicine is a lie beep boop chinese medicine doesn't have vaccines blah blah these doctors don't k what their doing"	 wait yeh, when u get laid in ur first week of college you dun wanna get sick lol, beep hoop can you ask ur pops or something? wait does that mean ashley went to college without those vaccines?!!?!
 lol my dad listens to my mom ya i guess	 alright so the goal is to be done with mousetrap by five ish and then see what we can cobble together for heli
 ok. tanishk and i can be there at 4:30 at the latest tanishk wants to help with build events too btw	 but then i'll have to shift gear to school work or else i. ded
 ya that's fine	 wow you're pretty serious about working out
 lol did i tell u my dad was so excited that i went to workout once he bought me an entire box of protein shakes from costco 🐱	 "wow my son is finally a man" i can imagine it how it went down lol
 lol i can leave early to go to ur house if u want or u can just do hw until we arrive to help	 how do you feel about the possibility that we won't have anything too presentable for helicopter you guys working out rn?
 ya	 mind if i join for a bit actually i can just go for a run later tonight nvm
 oh ok	 when you think you're going to be done?
 probably 4:30	 eta?
 i'm about to leave the school tanishk is gonna go home and then come back so like 5 min for me	 kk call me when u here
 actually i'm gonna pick up some food beforehand do u want anything? i can get us a six pack of cold ones	 lmao sure  you missed a call from foxy roxy.
  foxy roxy missed a call from you.	  you missed a call from foxy roxy. eta?
 5 min lol sorry i got caught up in something	 you picking up girls?
  you called foxy roxy.	 https://www.amazon.com/victor-metal-pedal-mouse-trap/dp/b00c1nn4b6/ref=sr_1_6?s=lawn-garden&ie=utf8&qid=1515631734&sr=1-6&keywords=big+mousetrap you're churning out a lot of quality memes these days
 🐱 the cold ones are my muse oh also is it ok if i go to your house during lunch to check that mousetrap is all set to run?	 no keys i can't even get in lol that's why i need to print my lab at the lib today lol, left it in the house
 oh wait but how are we gonna get the mousetrap after school	 mothers going to be back after school since i gotta go see the doc
 oh ok welp can i take your hot glue gun and string to the meet	 idk about the whole spool of string but we can just take a long strand of it you can take the hot glue as long as you don't break it lol
 lol when do i ever break random shit 🐱	 🐱 where u at
 coming to the caf now yo roy have u done the stretch problems	 i'm going to pass them in later lol got way too much on my plate
 wdym later?	 shoulderin' this as a drop
 welp	 like passin' it in on tuesday
 i can send u my answers i just don't k that theiyre right	 all of them but 36 are on the internet i think at least, that's what i heard lol
 oh sicc i've only done 36 so far lol	 ayyy depending on how much work i can get done tonight idk if i'm going to eat the l or not lol
 lol it's ok i'll send i answers	 you're too good for me wait, sit down before the meeting or during the meeting? wait, i can't read anymore wait, this is the wrong chat dear god, my mind
 during lol u ok?	 i've been trying to grind w/o breaks to maximize my productivity but i think my work quality has dropped significantly
 whats keepin u so busy/	 calc test, physics mc, drama line memorization, psych readings (i've been putting those on the backburner for a while now lol), college apps having to fill up the goddamnit toilet everytime i need to take a piss running water saves you so much time 🐱
 lol	 :o wait, are you working in your own room?
 #59: http://minerva.union.edu/labrakes/uniform%20circular%20motion_solutions.pdf

#45: https://www.physics.drexel.edu/~wking/courses/phys101_w07/notes/rec5.pdf	 damn boi i owe you a lot of cold ones aw shiz, i just got an email from penn asking about an interview and the person interviewing me is from wharton goddamnit
 nice i mean u just have to talk business applications	 i'm so good at that 🐱 "why do you want to come to upenn"

>>you guys have the grasp lab

"isn't that a graduate lab"

>>yes, yes it is jk, they got undergrad positions alright, i'm dangerously close to meming the cold ones tomorrow are on me
 lol nah its fine u got me on some web assigns	 if we ever work at the same company, i promise to not make the financial situation any worse
 🐱  foxy roxy missed a call from you.  foxy roxy missed a call from you.  foxy roxy missed a call from you.  foxy roxy missed a call from you.	 ah shit sorry man i just woke up is there anything left undone? i'm really sorry about that
 lol welp game board is out btw	 this is quite the board this year
 ya theres multipliers everywhere	 "if a
team member is sitting in the audience reprogramming the robot wirelessly, then the team will be
asked to leave the table." ayyyy
 lol hey we were standing and we weren't in the audience so	 we should ask that at the workshop "judges may require excessive adhesive to be removed. you should always try to come up with a
mechanical means for construction and only resort to using adhesive methods as a last resort!"
 defered from georgia tech wooooooohooo	 holy shit what
 buzz doenst want me :'(	 damn, buzz is brutal it's alright man at least you got harvard (are you feeling alright or should we meme any pain away)
 oh no i'm not really fazed lol it's all good i was planning on rescinding my application but my mom didn't want me to	 that's interesting that buzz said no though i wonder what they are looking for oh, apparently i got into oregon state (where jonathon hurst resides with cassie) a week ago i had no idea until today oh wait, does that mean you're in the rd pool now? does your mother still not want you to rescind it lol
 ehhhh co grats! ur in college boi	 i submitted on jan 1st and they got back to me on jan 5th with a scholarship too
 lol really damnnn	 yeh, it was way quicker than i expected we can crack some cold ones another week, another no update on legged robots on ieee spectrum :'(
 🐱	 can you go to max's?
 probably not i also have a lot of shit to catch up on lol	 yeh i feel starting to wonder if i should go maybe i'll hop in for an hour or so
 lol u k it's not gonna be an hr	 i'll set an alarm for myself lol https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=57&v=1lyvxve63ms honda literally made a robot that was designed for hugging
 lol kinda like baymax	 lmao ah shiz, does't look like i can go for an hour now either
 🐱 welp what hapoened	 college apps lol ayyyyyyyyyy my favorite thing in the whole wide world
 ayyy	 i know i shouldn't have done this but i looked on reddit again a lot of ppl with crazy stats got a no from buzz i should stop doing shit like that btw, you left your earpiece at my house i just found it
 yes phew i was looking for that oh something that we discussed on friday about sci oly https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yrrevlmrfocqo_ovdekgxnfdzsyo_uciycgf5nj7eui/edit?usp=drive_web we consolidated all the past and current purchases for parts if you need anything for mission possible, can you add it to this doc? this is kinda the last chnce before invitationals also all the parts are at your house right?	 what do you mean by "all" since i think jason has the towers stuff in his house
 besides the towers stuff	 then i think so btw your earpiece is kinda dusty and stuff
 that's fine	 do want me to clean it lol? considering this thing goes in your ear
 lol if u can that would be good	 i got'chu did i tell you how i got destroyed in drama?
 lol no	 in drama sometimes we have improv days in which we just do improv on stage given a scenario and this day's scenario was a bus stop in which one person sits next to someone already at the bus stop and does their best to creep them out and have the other person move away from their creepiness. i thought it would be funny to act as a guy who's never been around a girl before as saskia was the person on stage when it was my turn and so i acted being nervous and stuff like:

"i-i-i've never b-been so c-close to a g-g-g-g-girl before" and when she tried to shake my hand i reeled away in surprise and fear saying, "i-i've never t-t-touched a girl before"
and then freaking jack calls out from the audience, "i don't think roy's acting" i got destroyed lol
 lmaoo	 lmaoooooo that's pretty good dude you're becoming a pro member member memer there we go you should start up your own page or something
 lol but its all inside jokes	 you can get everyone in on the jokes
 lol	 how creepy would it be if i tried to sneak into jonothan hursts lab if i visit oregon and would it be double creepy if i sneak into his company
 nah i'm sure hes gotten wierdos like u before	 how bad would it be if i showed up under his car
 what if that's just all his employees. they just all got there by sneaking into his lab and he let them stay	 lol that would be the dream way to get a job or join a project
 bc no sane person would hinge their career on legged robots amirite	 he and his team really embodies the idea of "it's not where you create, it's what you create" lol i was about to get all inspirational but then you pull that quick one on me 🐱
 🐱 woops	 i'm actually quite impressed by what jh does there he wasn't kidding when he said it was the most fertile ground for robotics i guess the robotics institute was too stuffy or something for him to leave
 oregon? is the most fertile ground for robotics	 yeh
 "oregon's traditional natural resource base is the platform for industry clusters in forestry and wood products, agriculture, nursery products, and food processing. "	 i personally have done no research about that place so idk if he was just talking shiz or not lol lmao
 🐱	 maybe he's up there since he's creating a robo like ex machina and he needs to keep it secret 🐱
 true well if a robot like ex machina existed it could be among society right now and we wouldn't k it	 nah, we would i can smell that shit 🐱
 but how can you smell her when y-y-y-ou've never b-been so c-close to a g-g-g-g-girl before 🐱	 i mean that's some roboticists dream, making robots that are just like humans. there's a japanese roboticist who has already made replicas of himself, his daughter, and some other woman lol personally i don't see the reason and need for that seems more of a selfish goal than something that holds more purpose
 ya those are like the "artist" roboticists i would consider those robots more sculptures than robots	 (small tangent, can we call all crappy technology "build events" from now on)
 or at least the purpose behind them is more similar to a sculpture than a utilzable robot lol sure	 idt they would count as sculptures though, i do agree they fall more into the art realm things like this reminds me of pygmalion
 ya well there are ppl actively tryna make robo girlfriends its like pygmalion to the extreme	 i think as we get closer to more lifelike robots this will pose to be a bigger issue if ppl have problems with cloning, making people artificially then it would probably also apply to making artificial ppl in other ways like robotics though i never hear anyone being concerned with that so i suppose society as a whole already thinks of robots, even those that are meant to be human, as separate if not completely distant entities
 that's probably more cuz actually lifelike robots are still a while away whereas cloning has been a thing for decades i don't right now anyone's concerned about being artificially created as a robot cuz no one is able to do that yet	 wait, it's possible to fully clone a human? how much you wanna bet that someone in china already did that
 ya tho no one has publicly done it before the success rate is very low for any animal but theoretically it should be the same with a sheep as with a human	 would you be ok with a clone person?
 like in general or a clone of me	 in general if it was a clone of yourself that would be ultra weird are you there already?
 lol you guys meme some really random stuff	 yeh i gotta say your memes seem to have more thought put into them they cut deep :') 🐱
 lol hey i only meme legged robotics	 are you feeling alright?
 ya i'm at a boston setup rn and i'm awkwardly in the corner rn *meetup	 oh, i was worried that you felt bad from the memeage/teasing wait, you're at another ai meetup??
 oh well i had like a wtf moment when we were going through the rubric cuz it just seemed really random what u guys were meming "i've never seen a 4 point scale before" 🐱	 ooh, idk about max, but i've actually never seen one
 isn't the same as a 5 pt scale xd or a 10 pt scale	 thinking about it more i suppose so i guess in the moment we thought it had more humor potential than it really did
 lol nah i just thought it was really bizarre that u guys chose to meme that and i was a bit confused i was also a bit annoyed cuz we didn't get that much discussion done compared to all the other groups cuz i think we were all meming too hard so maybe it's better if we tone that down a bit lol	 wait, we didn't get the same amount of discussion done?? i thought we formulated a pretty solid balanced strat
 well we only had one everyone else came up with three pretty well thought out strars like we were suppose to	 hmm, i do agree with the memeage toning down but i think we also spent a lot of time speculating how the mechanisms of the robots would work rather than the other strats (also, i'll send you the physics lab when i'm done, almost there)
 oh also this might have been after u left, but we decided to make the "stretch" strat balanced strat cuz it's not really that much of a stretch, and we're thinking of maybe combining the two balanced together and true if the frisbee slide works we would be the gooniest team at gcer 🐱	 is that strat in the notes?
 wdym	 is the new strat stuff after i left recorded down in the docs?
 not really it was just max and i talking after we presented	 "robots:
thiccbot - " damn, that's some hardcore memeing jeezus christ lol
 lol we decided to call the thicc butter bot thicc bit cuz it's going for thicc butters	 ok, i see how severe the memeage truly was now looking at the results
 ya.... i mean we still do have a pretty well thought out strat so i'm just worried about the tram stuff i still don't think that's really a balanced strat cuz we have no idea how the tram is gonna work when we interact with it	 i honestly suspect that a lot of strats are going to change once we finish building the board and see how the parts actually interact with each other
 ya i feel like we shouldn't rush the strategy making maybe after the boards built we create quick proofs of concept for each of our robots	 or failure of concept amirite :')
 like having just the big swingy arm and see how much the team moves when u try to deposit in it lmaoo :'(	 i feel like we're underestimating the yellow crate strat a bit too much considering how the camera works and the various factors that can trick it. unlike all the uses of the camera we've done before this time it's actually out in the environment and not fixed on one area, it's reference frame is moving just from my personal experience it's harder than one might think although i might just be biased since i didn't use a truly fixed environment lol
 wati but doesn't it just need to take a picture just get at a good angle and take a picture and then you'll k which regions which	 do we know if the there's a position of the camera on the board that can capture a good look of the 3 zones? those zones are pretty big given the size of the board, not to mention that those colored cubes denoting them might not all be in frame
 well there's 4 feet of space maximum well we only need to get 2 in frame	 and then we also have to be warry of the colored poms, we can't take that picture if they're near us i'm not saying the task is the same level of risk as the tram lol. i just think there's a lot more thought we need to put into it besides just saying "this robo will do this, no need to worry"
 ya but with the tram we will be doing that as well the 2nd robot in the tram is still grabbing thicc butters and the tram also needs a camera itself to place the frisbee in the right place so either way we will be doing camera stuff with both robots	 oh wait, we aren't just letting the crate bot just push the frisbees into where they need to go?
 well we could but that's not ideal even if we do, the lego bot is doing the same camera work still	 you know what would make this easier and or probably actually more complicated some high quality encoders 🐱
 lol high quality and kipr don't go together frick i should probably talk to ppl at this meetup	 yeh, that's why you're there huh haha you could tell them about how we got stuck in chinatown, that could be a great icebreaker are these ppl also a lot older than you or do you guys have a common ground besides ai lovin'
 lol ya they're all way older idk i haven't talked to them its not an ai meetup its like a general tech/hacker social i thought there would be more tech than social :')	 :') are ppl just like talking about their lives and startups rather than the tech itself? maybe try to channel your inner sean parker get that charisma up that drinking up that drug use up that underage sex up wait wut 🐱
 theres a table full of budlight lmao	 they ain't gonna be checkin' your id never miss any opportunity (jk, don't listen to sean parker)
 oh damn thanks boii does the lab take long?	 nah, not really just a lot of boring data logging i'm checking with other ppls rn so i'll let you know with an update of anything to change lol i found a japanese dude making university level research robots as his spare time _hobby_ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=guqhn-1wbzq&index=4&list=pljvzmmbpmgnyjn-1eqq3ci_wpraimyarx
 lol damn japanese dudes r intense	 what the fuk
 is that ur goal?	 there was already the guy making mini humanoid robots that can tightrope walk and ride bicycles as his hobby too more or less my goal currently holy shit these guys are crazy i wish i could talk to them this is blowing my mind oh my god, japanese servo specs are so good you can't get shit like this in the u.s. wtf wait, i should go study but i wanna do more research fuck man dude, this is crazy, how is able to get such good performance with off the shelf parts the mit cheetah, cassie, etc. all had custom motors and this guy is pulling this stuff off with ots parts i've literally never seen results like these before and i've been all over the place on the web alright, fuck worrying over the theory so much this guy is literally proof of concept instead of dreaming ideas, it's time to design ideas er, probably would be smarter to study rn though... aw man i was so pumped too
 ya i think u should study btw what topics are covered in chapters 1 - 5?	 bruh lol kinematics, dynamics, friction air resistance some other stuff how was your meet up? aw shit those servos are 70 bucks each alright, hmm can't make something on the scale he can i can probably replace some points of actuation by relying on passive dynamics wait studies ugh
 lol i would recommend studying first midterms will be over in a week aka all the grades that matter will be over in a week 🐱 the meetup was kinda a bust but i got bubble tea so it's ok	 wasn't too informative? (i finished some initial design sketches, time to move onto building proof of concept models.... ... after midterms) (you're right)
 ya and there were only like 15 ppl there i was hoping to network for mahacks	 damn dude, you're quite persistent taking up any chance
 maybe i'll meet sean parker at a networking event 🐱	 lmaooooo net worth: us$2.6 billion is that a lot?
 lmao yes wdym is that a lot	 i could spend that kind of money in an hour 🐱
 lemme put it this way 2.5 billion = 2500 atlases	 which ver?
 idk the useless version oh wait that doesn't help 🐱	 🐱 ouch
 :d i think working out has made my memes harsher 💪	 💪 elon musk's net worth is less than zucker? and job's was less than elon's ?? how the heck do they figure this stuff out
 oh really i thought jobs was more but ya elon musk actually isn't as rich as u might think hos companies are not super high net worth but they're making a lot of impact musk doesn't have a lot of liquid assets bc he reinvest everything into his own companies while a lot of billionaires us their money for capital gains so they're just sitting there making more money also out of musks major companies, only tesla i believe is a public company so that's why the other net worth aren't huge	 wait, what's the point of net worth actually... like what's the point of measuring something like that
 it's a standard metric u can measure ppl s wealth by	 is that how rich ppl do dick measuring contests?
 it's like gpa	 ok, dick measuring contests got it
 lol well also a lot of ppl just want to k what other ppl s net worth are	 what if that's what the big business life is like ppl keep buggin' you about your net worth man, when you make it big it could just be a repeat of high school lol
 it kinda is if ur rich 🐱	 wait a sec i don't see no roboticist with a net worth breaking 1 bil something's not right here... :'(
 lol roboticists have small dicks jk	 when is robotics actually going to break out in the market i wonder if at all
 when actually useful robots reach a mass market price point rn it's just too expensive	 i actually wonder what the key is cuz that japanese dude really has some crazy ass results with ots parts maybe it's just him :') the only vision i can see for robots rn is to be helpers not pets or like personal companions that only are there to listen, cuz not only is that kinda sad but it's very limiting for the robot i can only see them breaking out around the world if they get to the point where you can just let them run around without even batting an eye when you pass by one being able to walk up to one and ask for directions or perhaps have your own personal one that helps you out like how the smartphone can do so much i think robots of the future will be more like a conglomeration of things we have now, they will have the functionality of a personal assistant as seen in phones and stuff, have the processing power of a higher end laptop with that dedicated to information storage and useage by the human or the robot, helping with physical tasks -> this i think will make robots stand out compared with current electronics robots like jiboo, which literally is just a shitty google home with an eyeball doesn't take advantage of its robotics side
 ya but that's still a long ways away bc it needs to adapt to so many situations to actually be useful	 legged locomotion allows robots to adapt to any environment u know ;)) i predict by the time we're 30 we'll be seeing robots that will be comparable to dogs in terms of being useful and interacting with people
 hmm really i admit i'm not too caught up with the tech but i would say when we're 40	 i would say 40 for when we get to see this stuff being more popular and actually prevalent among the middle class people dream of multipurpose robots though robots that can do many things, from cleaning to retrieving things for you reaching that level will probably not be until way later i guess the dream is to have robo slaves technically in that case... lol welp shiz
 i mean are they really slaves if their not sentient	 slave: "a device, or part of one, directly controlled by another." by definition a robot could be a slave lol
 ok but i mean are they slaves with all the connotations u can call ur phone a slave by definition	 in that case, i would say no
 ok ya	 i recall you having an interesting convo with vara on this topic lol i think it would be more cruel to give machines sentience
 well as long as they don't feel pain it's fine i think sentience is fine the only reason slavery is immoral is that they are doing something that they don't want to. so if u create obedient and painless sentience then that's fine it's like a dog u don't call domestication immoral bc dogs are slaves	 oh, i was referring to higher lvl sentience lol like a robot that can question its own existence that would just be cruel i think but if it's only capable of something like a dog then i think that's fine
 ya as long as u make the reward system right yo boi come down to the botball room if u have time	 what's going on?? idk how much time i can spare considering i have two full monologues to memorize rn shit i forgot to get more cold ones
 wdym	 i forgot to stock up :'(
 oh lol truu for the long snow day ahead	 if there is one announced first thing i'm gonna do is go buy some
 lol unfortunately i'm far from the cold one supply :'(	 :'(
 shit my dad said he forgot to order the build stuff so they will most likely come thursday 🐱 friday cram session? oh shit was the lab due today	 jeezus man lol and i'm sure you can turn in the lab tomorrow
 i also haven't stared studying ohysics what should i know?	 bruh doing the webassign helps look over your notes i didn't recognize the response questions so i'm guessing he pulled them from pre 1999 tests
 ok overall how difficult? like say i just k the equations and basic concepts	 then you should be ok? idk, it wasn't like there were crazy concepts or stuff just be careful and mind your time _really mind your time_
 oh so it took a long time?	 some kids didn't finish mc
 ok so it's 45 min mc and 45 min fr right? how long did u study for	 maybe a couple hours total? i listened to flippin' physics' review of ap physics i
 ok phew i haven't started	 and that's what i fell asleep and woke up to lol
 i'm really banking on that snowday tomorrow	 judith isn't announcing until the morning :'(
 smhhhh	 i think i figured out how the servo configurations work on that japanese guy's robos though but i still haven't memorized a single monologue yet...
 bruh	 what's a good material i can use to build this i wonder i don't wanna 3d print just due to lack of resources... maybe i'll go with wood https://docs.google.com/document/d/1x7fy_ea8rkoc3jatz-s5vlf3e9npzsy9zpsfdpt_ces/edit?usp=sharing
 oh sicc thanks i owe u again	 nah nah this is what the extension is supposed to look like
 <3	 <3 alright, time to continue channeling my inner black woman
 yo actually can u do me another favor and send me a pic of ur notes lol	 bruhhhhh lol yeh i got'chu
 lol well i just need chapter 3 and onwards	 so like have the notes 🐱
 ya	 this is going to be a lot of papers *pics
 well i have about 3 pages of notes for everything past chapter 3 actually would it be better just to look at his notes online are they all online?	 no, i don't think so lol alright, there ya go know the banked curve stuff well plug the speed formula into your calculator v = sqrt(r*g*tan(theta)) anythan' else ya might need?
 thanks man u da best nah go channel some black woman wait whats the speed formula	 this: v = sqrt(r*g*tan(theta))
 no but like what is it used for	 its the speed a car on a banked frictionless curved road can travel it's a very specific formula lol
 lol ok thankks	 i think that's the only formula you need to know that isn't on the cheat sheet
 ok is there anything like #12 on the webassign on the exam so much heavy calculus like using the vt = (mg/b)(1-exp(-bt/m)) this is actually scaring me lol if this is gonna be on the test	 don't worry about that one lol
 ok phew did u finish the webassign?	 lmaooo i probably should'be good thing it's not part of our grade lol
 oh lol i was just stuck on a problem ooh also if u find black earbuds (wired) at ur house those are mine i lost those somewhere lol	 bruh lol no snow day???? smhhhhh
 ikr how much circular motion is there	 lo siento i was doing drama there was a fr on it
 oof i bombed that test	 d:
 d:	 where u at is there sci oly today?
 ya invitational r tomorrow man	 where u at rn
 just finished my latin exam i need to start my physics lab now lol	 did i share that with you?
 ya thanks	 anytime niceeee
 it drops a magnetted item and the computer says "the end" 350 pts xd we just did mission possible	 lmaooo
 we're coming over btw  foxy roxy missed a call from you.	 https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=34&v=vsveqrjlrto fully autonomous climbing of stairs in zurich on a rainy day. this work has been published as: fankhauser, p., bjelonic, m., takahiro, m., baumann, t., belli... anymal is waterproof?! kind-of https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=17&v=qqti9fk70t0 when babies crawl, their movement across floors, especially carpeted surfaces, kicks up high levels of dirt, skin cells, bacteria, pollen, and fungal spores,... here's eomthing more memey and a bit errifying *terrifying
  you called foxy roxy.	 here now? good luck!
 we're here  you called foxy roxy.	 damn damian be sippin'
 lol not surprised	 did you already order your cap n' gown stuff btw?
 oh shit	 somebody might've accidently used my student id cuz it says that my number can't be used again so i guess this means i don't have to go graduation or i can just show up in a nice t-shirt and sweatpants
 🐱 u should probably get that checked	 i just msg'd president bacon i'm starting to get more and more it questions from ppl idk how i feel about this
 wdym	 ppl are asking if i can help with their tech issues vara's asking me about his laptop battery rn lol
 lol i mean u can say no if u want	 what the fuck is this "no" you speak of 🐱
 🐱	 what do you think about smart clothes
 i think they won't work unless either 1. they become easily applyable to any clothing (and not directly woven in the threads) or 2. become cheap enough that the default clothing u buy can already be smart right now the only real market for smart clothes is rich professional athletes	 what about a kind of clothing that isn't worn all the time like a scarf or jacket wait why pro athletes lol i was envisioning a garment that reg ppl could wear that would perform the functions that a phone or laptop could do
 that could work but if the smart clothing is taking biometrics i don't think u can do that easily with a jacket	 it'll look like fucking magic when you just start talking to the air on a phone call without using your hands
 oh well wearable clothing right now is pretty much all biometrics and health	 who cares about that, the weight room is all you need for that 🐱
 hmm for a wearable computer i don't think it need a to be integrated into clothing well definitely i don't think it should be woven into clothing	 there has been a tech made a while back that was basically a touch screen that you put on your skin
 unless as i mentioned whatever the smart part of the clothing is so cheap and ubiquitous u can buy a smart clothing by default isn't it the projector bracelet thing?	 nah nah it's literally a clear layer of plastic? that goes on top of your skin
 how does it go on ur skin like what is it attached to	 let me find the thing real quick https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ridiculously-thin-leds-stick-skin-181604284.html what if wearable technology was more like a temporary tattoo than a gadget around your wrist? an incredibly thin digital display developed at the university of tokyo could make skin-level digital displays a wearable reality. other than the film layer researchers are using to stick their sensors and.... and of course there's been more advancement in similar materials but instead of output like leds they take input like pressure sensing though rn that kind of e-skin has been more focussed on giving robots or amputees a sense of touch
 interesting how do u put it on is it literally just like plastic wtap	 it's permanent jk jk yeh you just slap it on
 interesting well maybe of they were able to make them actual pixels that would be really cool right now it's just led lights right	 i believe so so, what do ya think?
 idk if it's super useful rn i mean it basically functions as a wearable except u can't really use it when your exercising and id imagien it's kinda uncomfortable	 well maybe the consumers should stop being pussies and just suck it up 🐱
 🐱 if it had legs then it could jog with u	 that's disturbing af legs leading up to e-skin that just runs and flops around in the wind
 ya ik robotics legs amirite oh	 did you know the google glass concept is actually still being used?
 ya like in factories and stuff	 i'm starting to wonder why google glass flopped so hard now besides the fact it's ugly
 i think that's mainly it	 lol really??!?
 ya i mean it's on ur head everyone's looking at it at all times	 so you're saying that this market of wearable ar tech is open rn and nobody has tackled it just cuz it's hard to make shit not ugly???
 yes i'm not even joking that's one of the biggest reasons ppl aren't gonna wear something that protrudes into their life like google glass literally does the key to wearable is it has to minimize disruption or visible disruption	 just put it on sunglasses and make it retractable 🐱
 lol would u wear google glass to school every day if u had one	 you're talking to the guy who still forgets he has a smartphone
 ya but if u had google glass i wouldn't need to take out ur smartphone to use it's always on ur face	 if the display was retractable i think it would be socially acceptable by that i mean don't have the goddamn thing right on your eye
 maybe ya	 if it was a projection that could just be turned off
 to be fair the display actually just blends into ur peripheral vision when ur not using it	 and it just showed up on regular glasses, not that little block of glass
 also ya it's off by default and shuts off after like 10 sec	 but the display looks stupid i'm not joking, it's literally a block of glass lol
 if u use it for like 4 hrs straight, u get pretty used to it and the projection is actually not that big of a hindrance i was surprised bc i thought it would be this huge chunk of ur vision taken up but ya it looks kinda dumb	 http://www.bilisimcafe.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/google-glass.jpg  the main problem is that current electronics simply can't get much smaller lol esp batteries unless you wanna put the batteries behind the ear or something but that might be uncomfortable https://pre00.deviantart.net/018e/th/pre/f/2012/327/0/3/futuristic_google_nexus_glasses_concept_by_jonas_daehnert-d5lev77.jpg  i think this concept art depicts the ideal really well if it looks just like regular glasses instead of a block of metal for a product that also is technically a fashion piece it needs to value form just as much as function
 it's hard to do the projection on something as thin as regular glasses tho i think is thebproblen the google glasses intention is suppose to fit over regular glasses, not to be warn just alone	 i wonder why they can't use the same tech that the bracelet projector ppl use
 wdym	 i think that's kind of cumbersome though, you don't buy a phone to just attach it to something else lol
 there's no surface to project it on when it's on ur face	 in this day and age most electronics are supposed to stand alone i feel like
 u have to project it through a crystal	 http://aiclarke.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/cicret-bracelet-1.jpg 
 ya ik	 but have it project on the surface of the glasses instead of the skin
 wouldn't it just go through	 idk enough optics lol
 this is how glass works the prism redirects the projection parallel to whats in front of u so it looks like a screen	 why can't the prism be more flat and not a box then?
 well bc look at the angle it has to be at for redirection	 what if the projector just projects straight into your goddamn retina 🐱
 lmao well actually thats just virtual reality glasses	 technology i think is just a bit too bulky rn to be fashionably accepted
 ya i agree	 unless somebody who has influence over all the zombies of pop culture decided to wear stuff, maybe like kim carcrash
 but i think wearables will be one of the next big things lmao	 oh man, i kind of wish i had one of those projection bracelets now just to test it out i still don't get why you can't just project it mirrored over a flat, see through material the battery problem of a tech could be fixed if wireless charging actually becomes efficient but even then 🐱 idk rn do you really think that ai is the next big big thing and wearable tech?
 ai def ya wearable tech def as well actually	 reallyyy anything else?
 hmmm	 what about the whole iot fad
 i think once u get to wearables iot becomes easier i don't think it's gonna be as big tho maybe eventually new houses will just be built with a software interface that u can control it with	 is it really that desirable or useful
 i can see the use for homes	 doesn't seem really groundbreaking and more of an add on
 *smart homes well it doesn't have to be groundbreaking lol i'm just talking about things that i think will happen	 and then robots will become cheap and useful right? that's going to happen in the future right? right?!
 hehe mhm	 i wonder if there's another way to consume and communicate information well i suppose there always is
 hmm u mean completely new	 but a method that is better than computing or just as good mechanics have already been proved to not work years ago, with that method's crowning achievements probably being those automaton
 well if u talk about physics  all fast communication has all been based on electricity or electromagnetism from basically the telegram onward	 wut about light 🐱
 that's electeomagnetism so do u mean something com0letely different?	 yup yup
 hmm	 get this what if we use terminal velocity 🐱
 🐱	 i think electromag has got the cake pretty well rn though, objects/mediums that rely on things with mass are cumbersome and bulky
 ya i wonder what the next smartphone will be. it has to be something that we don't actually think we need until it exists	 like fucking legged robotics
 also thisispretty funnt: https://youtu.be/bn1uzajk-6o no more parking tickets for model s owners. today we’re introducing: ticket-avoidance-mode. watch how it works. lolol well maybe	 we don't think we need it until it exists that's pretty amazing not gonna lie i'm still kind of mind blown that woz made the apple computer as a hobby
 ya same	 it wasn't like the computer was a long sought after achievement/advancement like flight he was just like, "hey this is a sicc idea i thought of, i'mma make it"
 tho personal computers were already being developed by some ppl in silicon valley it's amazing that he did it himself tho and not a big company	 but were those ppl doing it in their bedroom for fun lol rightttttt
 ya well that's why i feel there couldve been hundreds of steve jobs and only 1 woz	 statistically speaking there's probably someone who had a similar revolutionary creation like woz but since there was no jobs figure it went unnoticed though i do agree the chances of that are a lot less than someone being in the position of jobs
 ya	 oh man, i wonder if musky and woz could've been a powa team "sometimes teslas are dangerous because of what they call 'autopilot,'" says wozniak. "you get thinking, 'oh, it is easy, i can reach over and not look for a few seconds,' and that is the second your car drifts over the line," he says, adding that it is "easy to make mistakes, especially certain weather conditions and whatnot." ok nvm lol "driving my tesla, over and over and over there are unusual situations on any road anywhere and every single human being alive — dumb or smart — would be able to get through it and the tesla can't," the apple co-founder says. wait, someone died from using tesla's autopilot in 2016?! actually wtf am i doing i still have two unfinished apps 🐱
 🐱 lmk if u need editing	 i'm over on each essay by 66 words fuk
 well that's not too bad	 do you have any extra springs btw
 uh no	 darn not gonna lie, still kind of embarrassing to edit my own essays geezus christ dude 🐱  you missed a call from foxy roxy. hey stacy fuck you "dear roy,

is your drama teacher writing your humanities/social science letter of recommendation? we ask that a teacher from a core class with a written component writes you your recommendation letter. they can email it to our office and we can attach it to your profile."
 🐱 wait who did u have write urs?	 ms. hession she's the fucking english head lol those stacy fucks this is my email back to them dear caltech admissions,

i apologize for not being more clear on what the class was that my humanities/social science teacher teaches. the class' full name is "shakespearean & modern drama honors" and in the course we study the works of shakespeare and modern playwrights, writing essays and taking tests analyzing their plays. in addition to that we also act out scenes from some pieces that we study. the class counts as my core english class that i am taking as a senior.

i'm sorry for not specifying what the class is really about, is everything all set now? you goddamn cocksuckers i'm actually more tilted than i should be about this
 lol is everything ok now?	 idk, they haven't got back to me yet
 welp uh this mathxl took me so long. i had so much planned for the evening :'( i didn't sign up to take real classes when i signed up for oc what is this	 lol what did you have planned out? i feel ya, i wanted to further develop dis model prototype leg of cardboard :')
 lol u made a prototype leg?	 it's literally 5 pieces of cardboard and a makeshift spring lol just modeling the motion i want did you have a lot on your plate tonight?
 ya lol this is probably bad but i've started scheduling my days until 2 am again hopefully just for this week tho. i just have a shit ton of stuff to catch up on after midterms + college apps	 i'm going to check in on you by next week to make sure you're not scheduling shit until 2 am again jeezus man
 hey i'm just practicing for college and then startup life and adult life in general	 that's how ppl die bruh
 shit it's never gonna stop lol hey i may die quicker but i spend more of my life conscious so it evens out :d	 conscious while being in a default low battery mode
 nah caffeine pillllsss	 drugs are not the answer! alright, i best get back to memorizing this page for drama don't burn yourself out man, especially as a second semester senior g'night! i just woke up fuk
 welp	 welp midterms are done can't do anything now time to give up and work on shit i want to 🐱 i think i've gotten into that bad loop of thinking about fuking numbers
 wait wdym fucking numbers? that's a weird ass fetish roy ngl	 thx man wait, are ppl meeting up for sci oly tomorrow? what's going on??
 lol ya for harvard invitatio als btw were thinking of adding yoav to take ur place u might have to teach him some stuff	 kk should i show up for this too? i was planning to run some simulations during that block but i can just let them run at home i suppose
 ya that would be ideal just to discuss build events and make concrete plans for building. u probably won't be able to actually build anything during winblock so it shouldn't take u long	 ngl i had a small crisis on that night when you and vara came over to check up on build events
 wait why?	 afterwards i just sat in the basement wondering for a good couple of hours what i was doing lol and then i said fuck it and tried to read some pprs the best therapy is drowning therapy 🐱
 wait still confused what was the crisis about? and r u fine now	 wondering why i'm not having fun/remotely having fun building shiz for sci oly anymore lol idk why i'm so angsty this year maybe hormones are acting up, hopefully i'll grow more that'll be pretty cool
 well is it just the time spent on building sci oly?	 idk, perhaps it's not like the stuff we're making is new/challenging like botball what i mean by that is that the tasks we're given in botball are more freeform, you come up with the solutions in sci oly the events are literally stuff from middle school with only a couple proven designs that you best follow if you wanna get anywhere not to mention the amount of busy work that goes into it since we don't got all dem tools
 ya i agree the build events are definitely not super interesting would u want to do study events for sci oly?	 gud one mah boi
 lol ok well i don't wanna make u do things u don't wanna do and i can tell ur not super into sci oly but it's just there aren't that many ppl who can build stuff for sci oly	 nah don't worry about it, we got more time now the movitation is just kaput but it's not like i'mma just disappear lol
 lol ok maybe u could find a system to spread out the work more for builds	 sorry about this man ^^" i know it wasn't ideal
 nah i mean it's hard in of itself	 welp time to learn cad kinda regret not learning this sooner but oh well
 lol what r u working on now?	 i need to remodel this mechanism i don't have actuators with the right torque so a slip model biped is out of the question i could try a biped but then it'll end up slow and clunky probs something like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikuxfpbwvm4 http://www.trossenrobotics.com/dynamixel-mx-28-robot-actuator.aspx dynamixel mx-28, dynamixel mx-28 actuator, mx-28 robotis, mx-28, mx-28 robot, mx-28 actuator 219 bucks for a single actuator :') freaking 30 minutes later and i have lollipops
 oh dang those r some nice sloons *spoons	 thx man, i was going for a fork doe
 legged fork it feeds u by walking up to ur mouth	 fuking geniusssss i'm surprised by how little machine learned walking robots there are i've only seen a couple small scale ones
 well i don't think it's really conducive to machine learning like why would u need machine learning on the robot?	 to let it learn how to walk 🐱 as much as i'm iffy on that approach i'm still surprised it's not that common esp among the ppl doing legged locomotion rn from osu to umich to mit to bd
 idk if it's really a good way to train the robot	 really? what makes you say that?
 bc you need so many runs over and over again to train a robot to walk from the ground up think of those walking simulations. u have thousands of trials, and 99% of them is the robot falling down also look at this little fucker: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gn4nrcc9twq google's artificial intelligence company, deepmind, has developed an ai that has managed to learn how to walk, run, jump, and climb without any prior guidanc... the ai is controlled by punishments and rewards. probably the basic metrics will be distance traveled and maybe how many steps it takes basically an ai is random and will descend on any movement that will be able to get the robot to some distance in whatever way possible, even if its not optimal, its optimal for that specific situation in which its trained. but if you make a robot in the real world trained like that it would not be able to adapt to walking in general areas like that simulated robot, if u had a slight force in the sideways direction that's unaccounted for by the training algorithm, it would quickly fall over similarly a legged robot trained purely with ai probably couldn't withstand wind	 damn you wrote a mini essay on dis lol
 well i had econ so	 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=sb5ce0on3ty human walking is a dynamic, partly self-stabilizing process relying on the interaction of the biomechanical design with its neuronal control. the coordinatio... here ya go this robot also seems to practice knee locking interestingly enough if you have some time do you mind if you can read my wpi and umich essays and rip them apart?
 ya sure how soon do u need it by i can read it during lunch or after i get home around 7	 friday night would be nice
 oh ok not a problem	 dang, coming home at 7?? you got a date?
 oh ya a hot date with my grandparents	 oh ic ic everything going alright? i can tell ya a really funny story about something that happened to me yesterday
 lol sure and ya everythings fine	 this is the story when sam and i started to walk she was already ahead of us by a large amount
but i still told sam that we should walk slower
and then right before we reach muraco like you can hear the kids
she turns around and calls out my name
saying if she could follow me since she doesn't know the way
and then that happened...
but when we were walking to the classroom she broke off and took a short cut and got their before me
idk what to think of this...
i also tried to make small talk but i was just floundering
this is our third time tutoring!!! that's the goddamn pic that sam took lol it's pretty interesting that humans don't walk flat floot, if you look my right foot is utilizing the springy tendons on the bottom of the foot now the question is, does that actually aid in the gait of the walk or is it just vestigial
 i'm pretty sure it does it can't be vestigial if almost all legged animals exhibit the tendency also damn. wait was this walking to the school in the morning?	 wait i don't think all legged animals exhibit it lol, a shit ton of four legged mammals have hooves this was walking to muraco tutoring
 awwwwww	 it's not cute! just finished another sess of build events... let me know if you need the stretch problems
 oh the hovercraft came in	 🐱 finished the stretch probs pls nu
 lol i feel unclean a kit?! but it had to be done	 what if the kit just doesn't work lol
 🐱	 are ya serious
 welp	 maybe it was telling me to get back to work lol
 lol wanna compare for stretch problems lol why is david mad at me now....	 ? did something happen? max and i were laughing with him at e block like good ol' lads...
 oh just in the discord idk why he's salty it's probably not a big thing (hopefully) it was just bizarre	 ppl get petty these days over the smallest things i wouldn't worry about it too much i think i think he's just sus about you since ya know (since you're trying to _undermine_ him) 🐱
 lol  botball 2018 was created in august and i didn't even make the folder i think ethan did ya it's strange how ppl focus on these really small things	 it's cuz everything you do now is a passive aggressive move lol
 :'( why me	 idk probs jellinous i heard a lot of stories now about how david got really distant and cold towards ppl during high school lol guess he's just really competitive or something
 but he's already in college 🐱	 maybe it's personal idk man lol i also have an idea
 welp	 you know how regular hobby servos have no feedback? well each hobby servo also has a potentiometer what if you use the analog signal from the pot to see what the position the servo is in as feedback??? imma need to try this out i wonder if anyone has done this before, probably have lol yup someone has, at least i know it's possible now
 lol how would u read the analog signal from the potentiometer	 the pot has three tabs one each for gnd and + and analog signal for measuring the change in resistance if i solder a wire carefully on the analog tab and maybe use some capacitors to reduce noise i should (in theory) be able to get those outputs
 lol don't burn anything	 i can't wait for my theory to be wrong and then ruin my shit
 🐱	 this is all for the cause of legged robotics the goal is to make a 2d walker that walks on a boom, no support but using the boom to go in a circle
 wdym	 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=w29avx3dzje an extended version of the walking robot, including external disturbances (me poking it with my finger).
 damn uhh roy can u give me some motivation i feel like i have too much on my plate somehow second semester seems busier than jr yr	 well what do you have on your plate?
 just all the clubs, mahacks, independent study, independent learning goals (i'm tryna learn more ml, study chinese, learn more linguistics, looking for a 4th language to learn, and i have a list of books i want to get through)	 "i feel like i have too much on my plate" hnmmmmm
 clubs include: botball, sci oly, mun , entrepreneurship, mgh thing, i might drop mgh thing but i feel bad	 yeh i felt bad too, until i dropped it lol
 lol	 the number one thing you don't want to do with those self study goals is to make them into a chore
 i feel like i have these sudden bouts of anxiety that last about an hr where i just freeze and am unable to do anything bc im feeling overwhelmed. they come and go randomly	 if you want to do them then carve out a good time to just sit down and enjoy them instead of like random "i should do this" it should be more like "i want to do this" i think you need to hit the brakes and take a look at the scenery man
 i've been trying but idk where to carve out 😞	 how about we hit the gym b block tomorrow
 nah lol i have that block scheduled for mahacks i got a pile of emails to respond to	 bruhhhhhhh
 i don't have any other time to do it	 realistically there really is only a certain amount of time in the day
 also i would still need to carve out some more time if we're gonna do a senior project	 it might seem kinda harsh but with ur current schedule it's probably better to prioritize the things with actual deadline and hold things that don't until you have time to actually enjoy them lol don't worry about the senior project, unless you actually really want to do one lol
 ya but i've found there is so much wasted time during the day, i'm still at a pt where i can squeeze more hours out of the day. its just pesky willpower is a fucking limited resource stupid brains	 didn't we talk about how that's an unhealthy mindset lol
 ya but i feel like then i'll never actually get to those things i've been trying to get through the same ml book since last january its been a year :/	 how about you slow down tonight and list what things you actually want to do, emphasis on want
 but i want to do all of them lol. even mgh thing is really interesting i readily drop the things i'm not interested in like rwdc. but i'm just bad at having a focused set of interests	 that's not necessarily a bad thing however some of these are team things and so i think you should probably rely more on your team like for mahacks is there really no one else who can help you sort through those emails?
 nah those are ppl i've contacted personally but when i rely on my team they don't get done and its in a month :/	 max and i have been building chad steadily we should have a prototype in a couple weeks i think the fatal flaw is that you need a better team lol
 uhhh thats another thing i need to do i feel bad for not working on it at all yet nah my tema does do other tasks. my job is to do sponsorship relations and stuff so i'm handling emailis. theres justa crap ton of them	 bruhhhhhhhhhh you're our boi
 i'm planning on going in after school tomorrow to start on the software after a mun officer meeting and before the sci oly officer meeting	 i really do think you should sit down and leave some stuff you can do later for actually later, like learning a fourth language oh, if you're going to do that i should tell you i started a program skeletonish for chad, the biggest function we gotta work on rn is keeping the arm parallel to the ground
 but i'm still young and memorization capabilities deteriorate swiftly	 bruh you got like 5 years
 ya but i'm only getting busier by the day	 that's cuz you're making yourself busier by the day lol do you actually enjoy meh mgh
 well we haven't done antyhign lol but now we're starting to do things so its actuallyt aking time and it seems like itneresting stuff but we haven't really done it yet	 it sounds like you're making it sound sweeter than it is because you're afraid of what possibilities you might lose if you say no
 ya thats pretty much exactly it thats it for like everything i hate the feeling of what-if so many successes hinge on random occurrences or unexpected opportunities it stresses me out lol	 i think you might want to be a bit more cynical like cheng then when thinking about this stuff for example i know i currently (probs for the next 2 years) cannot make a legged robot do a flip so i don't try to make a machine that i can't make now that's not saying i gave up before the race i still read about that stuff when i'm taking a shit or stuff but i'm working on what's in front of me before i tackle something of that caliber i know not everything you do stacks up on each other like this
 well with building a physical thing its different bc u have a set end goal already	 but i feel like a fair amount does, esp pertaining to your making a book interest and ml
 what i'm talking about are the things you didn't k u liked or u didnt' expect to be interesting but end up shifting ur entire interest	 like you wanting to make books?
 for example accion internship came out of me talking to the ceo of the company before she actually founded it at a random networking event in 9th grade mahacks came out of me walking into a conversation b/w some beaverworks ppl on ar andom day at beaverworks	 dude that's literally just chance lol
 but i wouldn't be doing mahacks if i didnt do beaverworks and i wouldn't be doing accion if i wasn't spending a lot of time going to networking events that in every other sense was a waste of time	 ok ready for a wise old saying time that imma paraphrase a man once said "may god let me understand what i cannot control and come to serenity with it and may god let me the wisdom to know what i cannot control" i'm not god and we both don't really believe in a white bearded dude controlling our lives so it falls to you to understand yourself, thus understand what is or was not i'm saying don't stress out too much on stuff that doesn't need to be stressed out about i'm not saying that i know what you like and shit but what opportunities at mgh makes you see such hope in it
 idk maybe a good learning experience for applying ml to real stuff i've never actually worked on an ml project with real stuff besides me just fucking around	 wouldn't you need to learn ml first
 ya well i k enough to do the mgh thing	 and what is this real stuff you're talking about and it better not be free access to matlab lol
 like using eeg data to analyze and help diagnose alzheimers	 how much you wanna bet you can find datasets online? i found military drone footage to test my programs with online
 actually most of them are privately owned my hospitals its medical dat from very expensive equipment	 damn, you really thought this through huh lol
 but the value is mainly in that there will be someone who is an expert in the field guiding the process	 is that what you hoped with for mit primes?
 if i was thrown a pile of eeg data i would have no clue what ot do with it and what possibilities there are kinda ya	 i think you're doubting your own abilities there lol if i can get thrown a bunch of wires and shit several years ago and make something move, you can take eeg data and work with it lol though to be fair the closest mentor i've had in robotics besides attending and listening to lectures is talking to kota lmaoo
 this is what it looks like lmao idk what the axes even are	 a fellow intern from ucla was working on eeg signals and he just read online and stuff to figure out how to map it and stuff but we're getting besides the point i think you need to narrow down exactly what you're looking for and then decide what things you're doing fits what you're looking for because, to be blunt, if you don't know what you're looking for and pile so much on your plate it becomes very real that you miss what you're looking for as you're rummaging through other parts of your plate *a very real possibility that's actually asking for a lot to know what you want to do but burning out isn't worth the price
 tru	 (i feel like this is the third time we've had this convo lol)
 its most definitly is we'll probably continue to have these convos throughout and after college lol	 that's fine by me haha and if you want to practice ml on a real platform why not a robot 🐱
 wait but u said real 🐱	 :'( anyway, you got an idea of what to do now?
 ya kinda i'm gonna take a nap to get out of this funk	 yeh, sleeping always flushes away bad mojo feels
 i think its just cuz all 3 major clubs mun, sci oly and botbal are all ramping up at the same time	 well for sci oly you got a pretty reliable team of juniors to catch you mun idk how that works but jenn, wong, and vara are pretty dedicated right? botball is huge, plus you're with da bois i'm saying, you don't have to worry too much and you should just go ask ppl if they can cover for you if you're getting too caught up with stuff g'night w/ dat nap man!
 thankss	 and don't worry about reading my college essays since you're so busy lol, i can ask someone else i wonder if it's since i'm cading in night or if the 3d environment is making me motion sick lol
 lol does that actually happen?	 i used to get sick from watching any virtual 3d motion lol
 lol damn i get sick from vr but usually if it's a flat screen it's fine	 that's quite the skill you got there you feeling better today?
 ya sloghtly but i spent all first block tryna so mun stuff we're on a big pickle right now lol	 what kinda pickle? i thought you weren't doing hmun
 nah for the other muns just organizing problems. we had to wait for iman to confirm she was going to naimun and then the hotel said our rooming expired so we have to get a new order	 ahh iman gets her own room? :o
 nah like all of our rooming expired bc we said that we were unsure about one person so we're trying to get the order in again	 oh.... let me know if ya need anything
 thanks	 did ya bring the hovercraft kit?
 yup	 what class u got rn?
 latin	 wait who's going to the hmun dance tonight
 i mean some of the hmun ppl probably	 🐱 btw i heard its bad to say passion but i use passionate in my first line lol
 well it's not bad just don't overuse it and make sure whenever u use "passsionate" to describe urself you have a bunch of other concrete examples	 oh alright i just used it once lol
 ya that's fine	 as i review these last two apps the more i doubt myself lol my writing capabilities
 oh shit i forgot to read urs	 🐱 dun stress about it just do what you need to do first lol and if you can't then it's fine i can just submit as is and call it a day
 when r u planning on submitting again	 tonight lol
 shit	 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ms7noumgrto scott kuindersma, assistant professor of engineering and computer science, is conducting research on how to control robotic motion, seeking to emulate some o... harvard just bought a cassie agility robotics is a viable business now the question is who will get it to run first? caltech, harvard, umich, or oregon? my money is on umich
 oh nice	 wanna try and steal it with me? 🐱
 🐱	 man, that's like 4 universities that bought a cassie i bet agility robotics is so rich now if you don't factor in the r&d cost
 mmmmm such viability how much does each cost	 agility robotics wouldn't disclose specific numbers, saying only that their goal is to end up with sub-$100k robots -quoted from when oregon made the first prototype cassie so um, probably the same price as a luxury car... *more than luxury cars apparently
 ya luxury cars are like 60000 more like a private jet	 i bet agility robotics have mad revenue man 💵💵💵💵💵💵💵💸💸💸💸💸💸💸💸 can private jets walk? i bet you fucking no
 can cassie walk? i bet you fucking no 🐱	 ouch japan already has the concept of walking planes nailed though https://i.pinimg.com/736x/69/cf/0b/69cf0b82cc479cde9cb727fdf6f70436--space-ship-model-kits.jpg  it looks fucking sick i wish those existed
 isnt that just a transformer	 apparently the show is called macross and ppl pilot planes that for some reason have legs
 lol	 freaking amazing do you think i can sneak onto harvard's campus and go take a look at that cassie? or would that be called "trespassing" i'm reading an article about agility robotics rn "when i asked jones if cassie can do anything useful at the moment, he laughed and said, “that’s a low blow.” "
-the interviwer did you write that article? not gonna lie, i would love to work with the ppl at agility robotics and oregon now
 well u have ur ticket there at university of oregon right btw can u make the botball meeting today at 8?	 wat i thought it was tomorrow
 lmao u gotta check the discord man	 mah apps fuk i got into oregon, fuck apps
 oh right the deadlines feb 1st right?	 gud one
 after the meeting we can do an editing sess	 you're too good for me <3
 <3 so is that a yes for the meeting?	 yeh the article is just bashing agility robotics
and how their chief engineering lives in a tin barn on a farm 😢
but it's so cool
it's like the picturesque local robotics company (probably actually the only one lol)
jonathon hurst, the power player roboticist
is apparently buds with a local machinist who does all the metal working for the robots
and the machinist is an older big gruff guy who visits the same pub for the last 25 years read this short piece: right now, the process for manufacturing cassie is a farm-to-table affair. jones lives on a piece of his family’s farm in a sheet metal structure. the research is done at the university in nearby corvallis. all of the machining for the robot happens at a local machine shop that has a long-standing relationship with hurst and his particular needs as a roboticist, and the assembly is done at agility hq in albany.

but if cassie is the future of ambulatory humanoid robots, it’s hard to see how the company can keep their process as hyper-local as it is now.

the tension between agility robotics’ aspirations and its homegrown process became clear at the ram-z fab shop in corvallis, where cassie’s parts are made. the shop owner is scott ramsey, a large and friendly man with a gruff exterior. all along the walls are calendars and posters from a pub called squirrel’s tavern, going back to 1993. ramsey tells me he’s been going to squirrel’s every week for 25 years.

“you gonna keep it local?” ramsey asked hurst with a grunt in the front office of ram-z fab.

“yep,” hurst replied. “this is a great place to built a company; it’s about half the cost of doing business.”

the previous day, at the osu robotics lab where cassie got its start, hurst told me in unambiguous terms: “the goal of agility is to grow aggressively.” jones is the chief engineering for agility, he was hursts' student prior to that
 hmm interesting	 as an entrepreneur (who apparently likes to write books), what do you think about their current situation?
 well they're probably not gonna stay local especially since it looks like this product is starting to attract customera	 what do you mean "looks like" >:((( they sold 4 units
 and also they stated their goal to be an affordable (<$100,000 lol) robot which i'm not sure they can do by relying on local businesses well i guess since its not a mass market product they might be able to avoid outsourcing the manufacturing their manufacturing will probably have to expand beyond scott from corvallis tho lol	 but scott sounds like a fucking badass all machinists are badasses i think why is a local business not possible? wasn't siracha (the sauce) able to keep their business local even to this day? and they're still a successful company, even keeping their price the same all these years
 really? well idk anything about siracha lol but	 cassie can be the siracha sauce of robots @_@
 since its a robotics company and i assume they want to move out of the market of purely research purposes by large and wealthy institutions, they will probably need something that could support higher volume economics of scale	 i'll make the robots for free 🐱
 plus i might be wrong but oregon doesn't seem like it will attract a lot of ppl for further r&d	 i'm sure if they can attract ppl like me they can attract other robo idiots as long as they make cool shit pure robo nerds will flock there plus jonathon hurst is such a power player i've been able to read and listen to more lectures he's been a key figure in almost all but 1 of umich's legged robots, he's behind aaron ames' (stacy guy) last two robots, etc. etc. the dude pops up everywhere jk jk, i'm putting this guy up on a pedestal too much lol but if i do know one thing for sure i do agree that the next robot agility robotics creates will make or break the company cassie was created within a year of its founding (using a 1 million dollar grant from darpa that hurst got from making atrias) they confirmed that the next bot will walk and have arms but idk if their control software/autonomy will be enough
 hmmm tbh i feel like jeremy and venkat get shit on a bit too much like i don't think it's a bad thing that jeremy was excited about starting the robot and drew up a design lol. and i don't think he's gonna be actively trying to take over or anything	 yeh... we kinda did that with chad
 and also i dont think venkat "corrupted" all the other freshmen or that specifically he needs to be singled out as ready to be kicked compared with any of the other freshmen/degenerate group. i also remember that when he was working on a robot last yr he didn't "take over and deny everyone else" it's cuz no one in his group wanted to work except him the only thing is that venkat just annoys all of us more than the others i don't think he has more of a negative benefit to the team as a whole tho then say noah wilson which i feel like it's our job as officers to separate personal bias from decisions and not purposefully disadvantage ppl we don't like (like when we were planning on giving the degenerates a random task that would accomplish nothing but keep them busy, that was not really fair). and don't get me wrong i think venkats a little cunt too but i also think he shouldnt be singled out or disadvantaged bc i/we think of him that way i was gonna say that during the meeting but we moved on and it didn't seem relevant so i didn't, but just wanted to get it out lol *negative impact, not negative benefit	 i see what you're talking about and i do agree but even if this point was brought up it would've been pretty shot down by david and ethan (if he was there) they have a hard time removing personal bias as we both know
 ya...	 also are you feeling ok you seemed really tilted as that group list thing went on
 well i was titled when it started becoming memey	 that whole situation got more and more ironic as we argued over a little thing lol
 like at the beginning it was a suggestion by max and i disagreed and we had a discussion	 i didn't think it got memey, rather it just got more confusing as the talking went on like with the awkward analogy and then jenn having a different view on it sure there were memes but it wasn't anymore than what we already had spewing prior i think
 really? the analogies were complete memes and then neither u or david gave a reason for why u agreed to it and jennifer was arguing against it but accidentally argued for it	 you also didn't take a cold one bottle home with ya my boi!!
 lol nah it's ok i've had enough cold ones today thanks tho	 i thought the analogies max were trying to go for were fairly legitimate until we all started laughing at the idea of the comparison
 i still don't understand why it would help anything tho	 the reason why i agreed was that besides just some more work for us it isn't much of a thing for us to do i was going to put in a psych anecdote but thought it would just steer too far away lol
 but it just makes it harder to understand the document	 ppl always interpret things with a bias right? it's just default that we have a schema on how we interpret the world
 the list idea is to list everyone's name in no particular order and next to each name u have "balanced, create"	 and a lot of ppl are insecure about themselves and how other ppl view them. especially highschoolers
 like over and over again	 so even the way you present data will be interpreted differently by different ppl
 how would that fix the problem of the group's will be listed anyway farther down in the document with the descriptions *if	 hold on itttsss hard to type on this piece of glassss
 lol sorry	 this would be easier if the phone had hands anyway when you present a piece of data to someone it will occupy what they're thinking about right so instead of them noticing oh hey blank is listed before me and i'm not in blank group they notice oh i'm in this group
 ya ik but even as trivial as the problem that the list is suppose to solve is, the list still wouldn't solve it	 in the end, yes you're right they will probably still think that
 but it says the group names  right next to their names....	 but the point is that that feeling of wtf why am i not here is mitigated and they won't care as much
 ? how they're gonna find out their groups anyways this just makes the document less clear and it will take them longer to actually find out who the other members of their group are	 cuz of the order they take in the data, they look for group first and be petty second stuff like this is also why there are shows about housewives complaining about each other and how much their husbands make lol
 why is that relevant to botball tho why would it matter if they find out their groups through a harder process than if their groups are right there if they have problems with which group they're in they will ahve those problems regardless	 cuz apparently some juniors are sensitive, which now that i think about it i've never actually seen for myself lol save for a few times i got stuck in a convo with andrea and vara complaining about something
 they're not gonna stop having those problesm if the groups are put in farther down the document cersus if they're actually just stated at the top	 i think the point wasn't that they wouldn't have the problem, they still would regardless. making the doc a bit convoluted is to mitigate that feeling they get of why am i not blank it's like messy damage control lol which is ironic in of itself
 also this has nothing to do with if u stab a knife quickly versus if u slowly sink a knife into someone. idk why max made that analogy except for memes	 oh that actually might've been a meme lol i was referring to the hammer one
 right but the problems will still be there regardless of the organization right	 yes the problems will still be there it's just a question of
 so its literally just trying to solve the visceral 1 second reaction that some ppl apparently will get if they see their name below another person's, except it won't actually solve it bc they will just scroll down tot he cell descriptions and get that visceral reaction then instead of at the top of the doc	 are they so rattled that they would do something about it or be fairly rattled and not do anything damn how did you get to type so quick on glass man lol
 practice lol	 it's not stopping the problem i think, it's trying to lower the severity of the feeling they get
 but they just have to scroll down and they get the same feeling its just moving one thing down and then adding a list	 of course none of us know if this will actually work since psychologists still don't have a great way to measure emotion lmao the idea i think at its base core is to make the process of getting that info more exhaustive so that the feeling/reaction from interpreting that info is toned down due to the brain already having to go through the convoluted path to get to the info it's kinda like why those medicine ads always puts the bad side effects at the end and says it really fast in the end you still get the info but the info is presented poorly and the beginning of the ad was nice shots of someone living a healthy life thus you're more impacted by the first part of the ad for example i can tell you what blank medicine does but i can't tell you all the bad side effects (unless it's super severe like cancer, but in our comparison finding out you're not in blank group should not be as bad as cancer i hope lol) i think that's the most stripped down explanation i can come up with rn i'm not gonna lie man it's pretty nice that we can convos like this like debating two points and not be heated at each other, idk if it's just that i've never had enough of these kinds of convos but it feels pretty rare to be able to talk to someone like this thanks man why is it so goddamn hard to gently move a 3d virtual object in 3d space i'm just gonna wing it, fuk checking measurements ... i'm going to go recheck my measurements
 lol i still can't believe u can't  move it a certain distance i k on google sketchup u drag it then while holding down the mouse u type a coordinate with ur keyboard and it jumps there not sure about cad in scarier news the program manager of beaverworks was indicted for running a criminal human trafficking sex ring o_o http://www.newburyportnews.com/news/local_news/groveland-man-among-indicted-in-sex-trafficking-ring/article_05337818-d1dd-5620-9f8d-62007f763cd2.html boston – ten people, including a groveland man, have been indicted in connection with a sex trafficking and money laundering operation in which women were sold for sex in bay john vivilecchia the scary thing is he seemed like a pretty nice guy	 geezus that's some intense shit i guess that just shows ppl have many layers and some ppl have layers from hell
 actually that explains something. i've been emailing back and forth the beaverworks organizers about mahacks since last fall, and on an email sent in early sept. vivilecchia was cc'd and the main person responding and after the end of september he inexplicably dissapered from the email chain and someone else started responding *someone else thats insane he was so nice	 holy shit why would one even do such a thing did it get him a lot of money or something? i find it hard to believe otherwise unless he enjoys that and is mentally deranged
 what if beaverworks was partly funded by money laundered from as sex ring o_o i feel unclean	 lol i doubt he would use the money from his sex ring to fund an academia program unless he's for whatever reason super into funding stem ed
 tru	 yeh idk some ppl you just don't feel comfortable or at ease with but even the ppl who seem calm and nice at first can turn out to be insane
 ya....	 it feels like a plot twist of a movie
 ya ikr im still kinda mind blown	 except it's real lol
 i painted yellow beavers onto a race track with that man :'(	 lol now that man is getting hunted down for human trafficking how does that happen in this area though are the victims undocumented or missing ppl whose cases were dropped
 i don't think its a missing persons case, but its coercing women to work as "escorts"	 wait is that a prostitute then?2
 ya basically which is illegal i think sex-trafficking is basically just euphamism for prostitution	 ooh human trafficking sounds a lot more severe for some reason to me like when i saw that word i thought of slavery
 actually same i think human-trafficking is the overall term so it could also include slavery and sex-trafficking is one part	 i guess you can now say that you were face to face with a human trafficker and lived to tell the tale
 🐱 oh btw unrelated and not to rehash what i was talking about previously (abotu botball) this kinda triggers me its kinda unecessarily rude imo tell me if i'm being a bit petty here jeremy was excited to work on the strat so he created a document, and after posting it to the discord he also asked me to look over it and give feedback like why is that something that would get jeremy trashed on iit seems stupid	 why did jeremy delete his own stuff? wait that's jen lol i saw the j and the dog and just assumed it was the same person talking
 jen said "this is what i'm talking about" referring to when jen got triggerd that jeremy was working on botball, and max and jen are meming about how shes gonna delete all of jeremy's work	 yeh that was pretty harsh
 ik it might be a bit petty but like i got a bit triggered when i saw this why does jeremy get trashed on when he doesn't do work and trashed on more when he does work	 i think max is just a hardcore memer of an intense next level scale but i don't think he means harm i think the reason jeremy gets trashed on is actually a bit similar to why ethan gets trashed on
 ya i agree max is def a well intentioned guy i just feel sometimes he lets memes get the better of his judgement	 for a guy who'd rather live in the woods of oregon and build robots i like to take notice on how ppl interact with each other i noticed that both jeremy and ethan tend to like to steer convos back to themselves often enough where ppl get annoyed by it and both have mannerisms that some ppl find not to the norm, from ethan's flamboyance and jeremy's rapid fire speech, which are both things that ppl shouldn't be mean about but they can be mean about essentially ppl can target ppl who don't fit into the form of social norm perfectly
 ya :/ idk i just got an intense visceral reaction bc it just seems like such an unfair thing like what does jeremy have to do to not get memed? if he slacks off ppl meme him for wanting to be a leader in botball, if he does work ppl meme him for wanting to be a leader in botball its hard to see close friends act like dickheads sometimes when they probably don't realize it or intend it that way	 well the truth is just that people act differently around different people i think it also might be ppl questioning the genuinelity/reason for him wanting to be a leader i used to value genuine interest and stuff a lot and wonder why so many ppl wanna get a cs job even though they don't really like it as we both know there is a natural preconceived notion if someone is doing a club cuz they like it or if they just want to put it on college apps *notion of interest/hard work though i feel like this is more of something that i ponder about more lol i really doubt ppl are meaning jeremy cuz of his genuineness it's honestly just cuz he's an easy target to them with fuel to burn
 ya .... :/	 *probably just cuz
 uh its stupid	 i actually wonder what's the social reason for being mean
 idk why i'm overreacting to this. im feeling an overwhelming frustration about how society works this is honestly not unlike vara pre-disney everyone hated him for no fucking reason except he was an easy target for some reason some ppl just need to have someone to be there to constantly make fun of its stupid	 that's actually a good point why does it end up being a single person we can meme each other and get the same laughs and neither of us are hurt or broken down but once the interactions move to larger gourds then it breaks down 3 ppl maybe but 4 then it can turn to targeting
 well the difference is we're meming eachother to eachother's faces. but for example above, jen and max are meming jeremy but jeremy has no consent or any part of the convo	 wait those two convos were separate? idk how discord works still lol
 its when a group repeatedly memes someone who's not there, it becomes more targetting than just meming well no in this case they did it right in front of him but i'm saying the dialgoue was still b/w jen and max towards jeremy, even tho its in the same chat its not jen like talking to jeremy and teasing him and the fact that they just did it right there is unecessarily rude i'm just imagining working in a team and i get started working on something, and when i show the other ppl what i've worked on they make fun of me for working on it and joke about destroying it bc its "irrelevant" smh. i'm making this a bigger deal than it is but i feel like it happens to jeremy unjustifiably much	 it's normal for you to be mad about mistreatment lol if ppl weren't like that we would be in quite the shitty world rn
 and again i'm sure max and jen are well intentioned, but they should've seen how douchey they're acting. i k memes come from somewhere, but when it gets out of hand, ppl just start defining someone by the meme they have of them	 we're using the meme so much in serious convos it's starting to feel like a more revered word now when you break it down though it's more about respect this doesn't happen to us since we have mutual respect and stuff with the ppl we work with but for some ppl like ethan and jeremy, for whatever reason, just have the same level of respect and that can come from variousssssss factors from mannerisms, perceived work ethic, perceived knowledge, public attitude, the tone of their voice, etc. and from that lack of respect they get trashed on more though in some cases the lack or respect comes from understandable sources, it's just that once you lose it it becomes exponentially harder to gain it back similar to trust i suppose
 ya damn ic ap psych has paid off you've become quite the psychologist	 lol thanks man anyway we can just talk to ppl and tell them to tone down on jeremy
 ya i already messaged max but he hasn't responsed i'm not gonna tell jen lol but if u want to u can	 lol i was about to say the same thing when vara was going on a rampage about college jenn told me how he apparently was acting not ok towards her and cornell so when vara called me to vent i told him that jenn didn't feel good about his attitude about cornell and stuff (i assumed it was fairly public info since at lunch she was telling a lot of ppl) and then the next day vara apologizes to jenn but she was mad at me for telling vara about how he hurt her so the gist of that experience for me was to never take phone calls ever again 🐱
 🐱	 ppl are hard man
 ya....	 welp i better catch some zs cuz i don't i'm in a good condition to cad or read over essays anymore lol eyes droopin and cold one sippin good night man
 gnight oh shit we never had the essay sess i can read it over now and leave comments	 nah don't worry about it should i use umich or michigan robotics....
 ? wdym	 michigan robotics is what they call their robotics division rn but umich is the actual uni so idk which one to use lol
 use in what context	 my first sentence: "once i saw the robots at michigan robotics i knew it was the place to be."
 ya u can just call if michigan rkbtosjcs	 thanks man
 quick question about magnets for mission possible https://www.amazon.com/dp/b074119ywn/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_ep_dp_w.78zbeep2e23 why do we need 1 mm x 5 mm magnets aren't those tiny	 wait i thought we already had magnets
 no we never bought them the one we used at mit was borrowed from angus	 lol ic ic i suppose we can just order larger magnets then or just show up with a magnetic screw driver
 lol tru im sure someone can just bring a strong magnet from home	 what if my faulty legs are a sign for me to further pursue legged locomotion or just a terrible omen forboding me about how it's never going to work
 lol so like ur legs are gonna stop function by 30 so u make it ur life mission to make replacement legs before then you get the build replacement legs achievement bur your humanity score goes down to 50%	 lmao good one that's the dream the question then would be would i want a knee-locking feature and inverted knees the tru questions to ponder
 lol	 btw has there ever been a robotics startup?
 i mean ya theres been a lot	 the only robo companies that i can think of that go for big complicated robos (and only robos, so no cars like toyota and honda) are irobot and bd and dji lol
 like jibo is a startup technically i think agility robotics is a startup	 but dji does drones and bd never sold a robot :'( yeh, they are
 irobot started as a startup	 i need more hope in agility robotics
 the challenge is just huge startup cost sfor robot companies bc fricking hardware	 i think their workforce are some grad kids and one undergrad from osu rn lol so you're saying it's capitalism's fault? hmmmmm
 no i think its robotic's fault 🐱	 🐱 i mean if bd survived w/o selling a robot then other places can do it too amirite
 isnt that basically just eating taxpayer money with no output or benefit to society lol	 pshh you kiddin' me? the benefit is the advancement of tech and science duhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh and maybe helping out in disaster situation _maybe_ btw i found this: https://www.shapeways.com/product/lxhgryl47/cassie-v2?optionid=61420369&li=marketplace
 what would we do without those dinos	 it seems that andy abate, the mech head of cassie is selling models of the robot time to buy one and support them
 thats actually pretty cool	 25-26 bucks... holy shit it's worth it it's for the future of legs t_t
 maybe uh maybe u should save that money for useful things	 let's be honest here what else would i spend the money on besides other robot parts and cold ones lol it's not like i'm going to pay for a date or anything anytime soon
 lol investment into a roth ira account?	 what the fuck is that i won't have to worry about that if i'm off the grid amirite i can easily hide in the forests of oregon
 i dont think agility robotics is off the grid	 who knows they could actually be secretly rich funded by the chinese the chinese trying to make robo soldiers for the future great war for alaska
 🐱 tru i actually haven't had one run where the us was super succesful in the war	 the one where i got to make stupidly cool giant robot mechs also had the us fairly successful the end global influence was like 52%-48% or something lol
 lol oh i think actually when i went ham on military+++ and sold ruthlessly to the military it ended up somewhere like that and then i invaded and took over alaska right after	 holy crap you warmonger you i kinda also want the model to study how the joints attach to each other since i don't have 100 grand + to drop on a cassie robot :'(
 idk how the resolution would be u probably could get the same information from just watching videos closely	 but i watched all the videos already (turning off adblock of course ;)))))
 lmao	 i'mma buy one holy shit with shipping it's 30 bucks...
 th actually that's 12 high mag cold ones 6 gallons of cold ones 6 gallooooooooonss	 don't tempt me with your sweet words technically this is better for my health 6 gallons of cold ones might kill me and my gains so buying this model i support one of the engineers at agility and i'm healthier and i get the closest thing possible to the actual machine i'm going to be so bad with personal finances in the future lol
 lol or u could try cading cassie as a challenge and 3d print it urself	 wouldn't that be a bit of a waste of time? since in the end i wouldn't be cading something that actually moves but rather a model what if i just mail then 30 bucks 🐱
 lol i'm pretty sure the comparative value of $30 is higher with u than with cassie maybe they can buy their employees donuts with ur money	 which would motivate them to not give up on this venture that's pretty worth amirite
 lol i guess btw u down for dual booting this weekend? or on wednesday	 yeh sure still not sure if the touchscreen feature will be applicable unless we wanna hunt for drivers like madmen lol
 lol i dont need touchscreen as long as it doesn't get in the way https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbc6dlg_dqy i'm doing a q&a soon, ask questions here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bc3ouizkrnc now it gets faster every cycle: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2qcd_t...	 holy shot that fits so well can you tell k imma be late
 yea sure	 lol thx man i feel like i've been dropping the ball on sci oly recently i'm sorry about that man
 it's fine	 gramps computer broke turning it into a linux machine one by one linux shall conquer the world
 lmaoo	 uh oh i changed the language setting to chinese and now i don't know how to use it
 lmao why	 cuz he only speaks chinese i got everything to work now but it would've been smarter to install in english and then change it to chinese later lol alright time to turn my last two apps and finally be free
 oh shit do u want me to edit them still or do u think it's too late	 you can take a read over if you want https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vps6nkiy_2gy2i-xx7iy-oqh5ihzxj37xo1p78wj6-g/edit?usp=sharing ^^^ that's umich
 hmm i don't want to give u any last minute doubts. i'll just check for grammar and stuff	 i technically have 3 days
 oh ok	 if something is offsounding i would rather you say it sucks than have the ao say it sucks lol wait, do you have an eta on your read-through? if there isn't anything like terrible i was planning to send them out tonight lol actually scratch that lol, pops wants it in sooner than later
 oh im reading them now should be done in like 5 min	 kkkkkkkkk
 the main thing about the essay ^ probs that i would try to edit	 can i use laboratory
 lol ok finished just some wording issues	 <3 the content is alright?? i'm surprised
 ya i think so. it is honest to urself so that's good	 "i love business so much, i want to make a big ass company and make huge dosh" thanks man i was just worried about my wpi being too boring
 oh i didn't read ur wpi one yet	 oh lol
 wait can u link me up lol\	 https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wyewchc0ppx7vahfmsgihlawv2y80krbwdjqaa4n5ng/edit?usp=sharing
 in the meantime the chorus of this song is stuck in my head: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zeurntrqog listening to it is pretty uplifting	 but it's a song for and about people who are in happy relationships 🐱
 tru :'( let me dream	 lol, it'll be alright
 ill tell u a story after i finsh reading wpi	 exciting
 ok done	 thank you so much i really owe ya so what's that story? (i'm a bit confused on your last comment from umich i would find something a bit more contrasty for this, since u later still just list machines of the future
justin yu
justin yu
10:01 pm today
actually u could just replace "robots" in the latter statement with something less machine, and it would be fine)
 so like ur saying "not only the machines of the future, but the ___ ___ __ of the future" it didnt seem like u contrasted the two enough its like saying "i won't jsut create the machines, i will create robots" the structure of the sentence implies like the second thing is related but on a higher level so u said "comapnies, helpers and robots of the future" if u just replace robots with something else than it would be fine	 "sex toys"
 yeee	 huh, i'm actually having a hard time thinking of what robots could be besides helpers and companions lol i can't exactly just say "disaster relief methods" what if i just do this lol with so many opportunities for students at the college of engineering to study both robotics and other fields, i know that umichigan is the place for creating not only the machines of the future but also the companions and helpers of the future.
 ya that sounds good	 aight so what was that story?
 sorry ashley spontaenous called me lol is still calling me	 lol is she doing alright at uchicago?
 ya i think so shes really stressed but i asume thats just what college is	 is it cuz of the academic rigor over there?
 ya oh shit speaking of academic rigor when is the web assign due	 when i was a slave on reddit i read a lot of stories of ppl being stressed out at uc hicago, but always on their sophomore year they hit their stride lmao gud one it's due tomorrow so you're still good jan 30 2018 11:59 pm est
 oh phew oh actually thats good news wait really? is that a thing at uchicago	 i'm just going to do it tomorrow idk how it is for everyone of course but a fair amount of ppl were talking about that
 nice	 if that helps you can tell her that that's pretty adorable that you and ashley call each other
 lol i mean wouldn't u call home in college	 do you think i call home rn lol i'll probably end up flying/driving my way back for winter vaca, show up in the living room one day and everything would just be chill
 lol	 i'm still curious about that story you wanted to tell?
 oh lol woops	 did you forget the story lol? you coming this block?
 oh ya probably not the whole blocj i have an english quiz	 lkkkkk i'm there
 oh actually do u see a computer charger and phone charger somewhere in the room both are blacj	 let me check are you coming now or later?
 the phone chargers probably in the corner table by the board i have to find a good time to sneak out	 wait wut i thought you had a study rn
 was i suppose to get a pass	 you can just ask if you can get a pass lol
 well i have one of the more anal retentive teachers	 and then run back to show your teacher it that's what i did
 wait is it ok if i actually don't or i can come during lunch sorry i didn't realize i had so much english shit to read	 lolllll sure i found ur chargers btw
 oh sicc	 but we also have the problem that mr mack is missing some of his chargers and he told us that we should probably clean up better
 oh really also sorry for not being there lol i feel like i'm dropping the ball on botball a bit but everything is going crazy rn	 it's fine lol we gotchu we a team mah boi
 <3 oh btw did u k in latin we learned about a celtic tribe called the boii memes everywhere	 wat 🐱
 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boii "the boii were a gallic tribe of the later iron age" "according to the ancient authors, the boii arrived in northern italy by crossing the alps" "this combination "boii-dwellers" may have meant "those who dwell where the boii formerly dwelt"" their former territory was now called "deserted boii". however, the boii had not been exterminated	 that's fuking amazing btw do you have time after school today?
 i have to go home on the bus bc neither my parents are home so i have to go home early to take care of grandparents / walk dog but i'm available for like 10 min before the bus why?	 max and i are probs going to be running through a lot of ideas
 welp	 and if you had some i don't want you to be out of the loop
 uh i can call in	 kkkkkk
 but i will be on a bus so i will probably just listen and not talk until i get home	 what lunch you got?
 2nd	 damn i got 3rd i'll leave a sheet of paper full of ideas on chad in the closet when i leave
 lol ok its done i left mgh	 :o i don't think it's appropriate for me to say congrats given the context so i'll say congrats on knowing what you want/balancing your time!
 thanks but it still feels mehh at least now i can ffocus more on my independent study which i've been neglecting that can be my research thing	 🐱 just don't chomp off more than you can physically chew man
 i left my master design on the back of max's, the graph paper sheet 🐱 my ideas are mainly using an external source of force to help the arm up this could be rubber bands in the back (think sci oly robot arm lols)	 i have bad memories of that you dropping by today?
 ye but really quick	 we have been prototyping so much and so fast
 ya it's too bad i'm not really free this week :/ how's the new one looking? are u guys still there	 max and i cleaned up and left around 3:30 i've just been calling colleges for the past hour lol need to update some info and shiz
 oh dang	 turns out my middle name has a hyphen in it who knew amirite
 lol dafuq what's ur middle name	 jk jk idk it's like hao chuan or something
 so ur chinese name is hao chuan xing?	 wouldn't it be xing hao chuan?
 oh ya other way around	 or as i usually go by:

roy 🐱
 🐱	 oh yeh, i almost forgot last week we were talking about schedules i said i would ask if you were still scheduling things up to 2am ... are you still scheduling things up to 2 am?
 oh uh ya	 niceeee
 it's fineeeee	 can't tell if you lyin' or not
 i am still scheduling things till 2	 🐱
 🐱	 bruh
 it's ok bc i'm gonna take a 90 min nap now and reschedule everything to 3:30 am there's nothing to worry about	 i'm going to give you links to the webassign problems lol
 i finished them in ohysics thanks tho <3	 dayumn boii
 seeeee i got this under wraps lemme k if u want to compare answers i didn't save any of the links i used but they were all on first page of google search and i only used it for 2 questions	 ic ic thx thx alrighty then, don't overload urself! have a nice nappo
 thankss	 alright finally submitted all mah apps
 congrats boii ur free	 free after i write a midyear update lol
 oh truuu i have to do that too	 really?? :o i know for mit but weedtown has one too? i thought weedtown didn't have one
 oh i was talking about mit not sure about weedtown	 when i checked weedtown didn't have one
 ok good oh btw i didn't tell my story the funny story is that jen hates my guts :d 🐱	 uh idk if that's something the pussy meme is for first off, you feeling alright? 
 maybe that's more appropriate	 geezus
 jk i'm not dying or anything lol but it does feel shitty	 do you know why/where did you find this info cuz that's some harsh shit
 oh i talked to her on monday when i disappeared for a while it was jen and i outside talking	 oh....
 well we agreed to talk bc i knew she hated my guts after vara showed her that message back during harvardpocalypse and we mutually agreed to just talk and cleae things up i mean we talked and we did clear a lot up (apparently vara completely exaggerated her being pissed at me for no reason, she said she only got mad at me after he showed her the text) but still walked away from the talk feeling really disconnected she also opened by saying "you know were never gonna be that close of friends right? but i just don't want to be fighting" i mean is it really a fight if only one side hates the others guts lol 🐱 i'm gonna pussy meme my way to happiness 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱	 oh man that's uh damn so when vara showed her the msg that made her really dislike you to this day?
 ya apparently it also doesn't help that we never see another during school or ever anyways so there's no much chance to mend the friendship. it just festers *eachother	 aw but you guys still got clubs doe right
 well only botball mun we don't really talk / she's not really there a lot	 wut bout mun and venture cafe n stuff oh hmmm
 she doesn't do that anymore	 i guess in an ironic way if she's still mad at you then she kinda reinforced your comment that probably didn't make you feel better ignore that msg well i suppose the next thing is: what do you want? next thing to sort out
 don't really k i mean i want to be close friends with her again but i guess it is true that through the whole affair i've lost some respect for her as well	 hmm i'm not the best with this kind of stuff but i think that time is the main thing rn like time to let things settle, time to let sharp feelings dull, time to grow, time to find peace
 ya... i mean tbh i've been trying to let it settle since she started hating me in novemrber lol i guess i don't have college apps to distract me anymore	 i would offer to talk to her for you but i don't think i know her well enough lol time takes a while though
 ya, that's ok	 just to clear things up though you're not sad about her hating you despite your old crush right. more sad about losing a close friend?
 ya it's more about being close friends we've been friends since 7th grade and we've definitely been at odds over bigger things. for some reason this is the one that has killed it i'm finding this whole thing and my schedule stress are mixing quite well to make a big anxiety cocktail lol	 geezus my only kind of similar experience was with bella and that eventually soothed out before she just kind of went mia with social media for a couple years i know she and i also didn't live in the same area at the time but just like normal convos, taking some time off eventually the jagged edges smoothes out just honestly takes a while
 didn't u just move away? or did it happen while u guys were still classmates	 it could/probably is also she's stressed with things like college and her own commitments nah that was like late middle school man lol do you guys have any events coming up where you guys can just hang out? like mahacks?
 ya i guess mahacks and bosmun and naimun oh god 3 weekends in a row honestly i kinda don't k how to approach / talk to her anymore. i feel like everything i say has the potential to offend her	 i think you should just act like you guys used to be like before harvard apocalypse don't be like super cheesy or pushy with being nice just be chill ya feel
 ya but she actively avoids me lol oh well i can't control that i'll just try	 she actively avoids you? dang
 ya like in the hall i see her walking eith friends and she just moves to the opposite side so her friends are blocking between	 oh man i'm sorry does anyone know about this? cuz you guys have a large amount of mutual friends
 only vara that i k of but idk who she telld	 ahh i suppose it's best for now if you don't think about it too much don't get engulfed in what ifs and if onlys
 ya in jr year and first half of this school yr when i was on a roll, i paid really close attention to time and scheduling and made sure i alloted enough time to get all my tasks done and had a whole system to make sure i stayed on track. now time seems to just pass by in a blur, its a lot more fluid and i feel like it passes by at different times throughout the day and i don't have that same structure or acuity anymore i've found myself thinking and staring into space and like 20 min passes by lol tho it feels like 2 holy shit elon musk made $7.5 million selling flamethrowers as a joke https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2018/01/elon-musk-is-selling-a-boring-company-flamethrower-because-why-not/ the official boring company flamethrower “starts shipping in spring.”	 yeh time is interesting i don't think ppl can actually sense time, ppl perceive it differently. it's really an invention of mankind and that's pretty insane that he can do that lol are ya going to be here after school? wanna dual boot after botball?
 ya. i have to see petty first	 sounds gucci story about that chad time took longer than i thought ya know wut fuk it google sketch here i come where u at here u at
 lmao thanks for the pic	 no problemo holy shit these 3d printing services are so goddamn expensive
 🐱	 drugs r cheaper than these services it's b block rn right?
 ya	 thx lol wut r we doing for sci oly today?
 we'll do some serious recruiting for mission possible how far did you guys design it?	 the concepts are down but the drafting isn't there w/o measurements but if we already have the parts we can just use those and physically see what works
 the pulleys seem really weak	 virgin pulleys? 🐱
 yee aren't they suppose to lift like kilos	 yeh... worst case scenario we can just reinforce them
 they're just little plastic discs	 and about that networking thing... got any contacts who have metal 3d printers?
 lol actually i have a contact at formlabs but she hasn't been responding to me. i need to get her on baord for mahacks, then i can inquire about 3d printing	 if you send an explosive she'll be sure to respond
 wow damn that's not proper networking etiquette	 *an explosively happy letter 🐱
 lmao	 there's etiquette??
 no not really hey they're urrently hiring they're looking for a "print processing engineer" sounds like ahookup	 so is agility and bd :,( but i'm not done with college yet
 u should just apply	 i also don't have the funds to start my own lab 🐱
 and during the interview be like "hmm in order for you to know how good i will be at my job, i should really try printing something. something big" then take it and run	 lmaooooo in order to know how good of a roboticist i am you have to let me take one and do some maintenance on it
 lol oh btw i think jen doesn't hate me so thats a good sign	 congrats! but didn't you say that she said "i hate you"? how did you find out of the change lol
 no she said "we're never gonna be close friends" nah apparently she was just kinda pissed on the day but later she told vara that she and i are all back to normal	 that's a similar msg lol
 which confuses me a bit	 maybe you can ask her she could maybe just think ur a bit of an ass rn or something does she hold grudges?
 not for too long like a few weeks maybe to a few months	 a few months is kinda long bruh 🐱
 ok tru well we were talking normally at mun yesterday	 that's good! be there ina bit
 ok	 i lied i tripped again
 welp wait u mean on that flat i mean *slight incline* on the way to school	 nah this time it was on the icy sidewalks
  foxy roxy missed a call from you. hey roy uh did i leave my computer on ur basement.... roy boi i need to k if i'm really that dumb	 i fell asleep after you guys left let me check real quick  you missed a call from foxy roxy.
 lol wait is it there? also i might have left a red notebook and a caesar book	 if you give me ur pass i can dualboot rn 🐱 you left a lot of shiz
 lol nice wait can u also look for notebook and caesar book	 how do you manage to do this
 i'm leaving things in ur house to mark my territory p o w e r m o v e	 i'm going to break ur computer as a counter powermove 🐱
 🐱 wait so did u find the stuff	 ye
 red notebook and caesar? was there anything else? oh lol nicee i'll just pick it up at bois night	 ur pencil is even here
 seeeeeee this was at the top of my feed lol	 that's bullshit and you and i know it lol can you remind me of ur stuff so you can get them back? 🐱
 pshhh ur just jealous of my forgetfulness abilities ya sure lol	 i feel like smart ppl like woz don't forget about one of the most expensive and modern vital machine that they own lol
 pshhh actually ru home? i'm gonna swing by ur house in like 25 min is that fine?  you called foxy roxy.	 🐱
 yo roy u ready for dualboot  you called foxy roxy.	 🐱 dude she went ham
 woahh elina?	 yeh man
 damn	 i'm throughly impressed i'm also a bit sick so i got a super deep voice now worth it 🐱
 lmao it's probably cuz ur vaccinated the autism will start setting in too from hbo's last week tonight with john oliver. all rights belong to hbo. check out the official channel here: https://www.youtube.com/user/lastweektonight	 i think they need to start screening who says they are a republican and are running for an office lol did you ever figure out the hard disk shrinking problem?
 nope	 oh hey the patriots lost the baseball game they didn't score a hole in one
 ya...	 shame, tom brady was such a good goalie too 🐱
 🐱	 looks like angry fans are going to burn boston to the ground now
 it was super sucky too cuz they were going strong until the last quarter and made a whole bunch if mistakes in the last quarter	 what are you talking about lol oh the superbowl
 lol ya	 if ya haven't done the stretch problems yet: #50:

https://www.physics.drexel.edu/~wking/courses/phys101_w07/hwk/hwk7.pdf
seen by kate fosburgh at 10:13am
#55:

http://people.physics.tamu.edu/kattawar/solutions%20218h%20exam2%20f11.pdf
#61:

https://www.physics.drexel.edu/~wking/courses/phys101_w07/notes/rec7.pdf
#52: pretty straightforward but just in case:

https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20150629155206aabpin3

(these numbers are different but it's basically what you do)


not sure about the graphs on this one doe lol still not sure about #14 though, that shiz is wack
 oh damn thanks	 no problemo you ready for mahoney?
 i didn't make any changes lol	 it's alright i don't think they expect us to have a new ver already
 ya	 ya ready?
 did u know spacex is launching falcon heavy tonorrow? ugh i don't k how i did it back in junior year i worked past 2 am regularly without being fazed i'm getting old 🐱 oh also apparently both my parents suffered from chronic insomnia-induced depression in college, and my mom's side of the family suffers from depression in general. so i'm genetically predisposed :d haha genes you little fucker you	 bruh i think you shouldn't push yourself too much then like no burning out ya hear
 i was feeling pretty good yesterday in had a rush if productivity then the tiredness kicked in	 ah... well if it makes you feel any better intel has hopped on the smart glasses train and they're doing really well https://youtu.be/bnfwclghef0 intel's vaunt smart glasses won't make you look like a glasshole. dieter bohn got an exclusive look at intel's latest gadget. by shining a low-powered laser ... huh i wonder how spacex got the falcon heavy on the launchpad probably used legs 🐱
 lol	 aw fuck weedtown sent me an interview request time to show up in tapout and shorts
 oh nice! who is it	 keziah
 hopefully its not some 80 yr old man who asks for a ride home	 keziah robinson, class of 2000
 nice	 holy shit she's an actress wait that was someone else lol i think? oh wait she's from wharton grad wut if we mention each other in each other's interview and lay on a shit ton of cheese 🐱 "yeh my friend justin has made 200 startups and is the next person to revolutionize the tech world you should totally accept him"
 🐱 for stretch problems the website for #50 doesn't work but what is a) asking for?	 i'm turning that in tomorrow lol oh wait botball documentation we have to check over that i forgot about that
 oh shiiit has someone started that?	 no idea i'll do it by tonight if no one has done it already got reminders and stuff set up
 nice	 so what da ya think about the intel glasses?
 actually really cool	 they fucking took our idea we should sue them
 lol we're not coming back for 30% i think they're fixing where google glass went wrong and i agree that the glasses are more of a stepping point to more wearable in the future	 the head movement controls are pretty cool
 eventually you could probably have more complex displays and have an earpiece and such ya and they don't have a camera which caused google a lot of problems with glass so that's good	 but not everyone likes to wear glasses so i wonder if there's an even possibly less instructive wearable *obtrusive
 well u have to wear the wearable whatever it is. the most miniature could be contacts but that would take some serious minitiarizatiob	 smart tattoos 🐱
 and also might not be appealing to mass market to have exltronics in ur eye lol	 i wonder if ppl would be ok with small humanoid robo assistants
 lol do u know that one person on shark tank who's venture was to surgically implant headphones into your ear bc "bluetooth headphones fall out easily"	 that's insane lol pretty sure ppl won't be comfortable with implants unless they become essential just plastic surgery has a generally negative connotation with it
 https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.businessinsider.com/the-ionic-ear-on-shark-tank-2015-1 the man behind the ionic ear set the bar pretty high in the show's first episode.	 lmao that thumbnail is amazing the heck is his background? if he's an engineer then that speaks really badly on engineers in general lol "out of touch with the public and bad social skills"
 he's a telcommuncations engineer	 fuck
 wow	 wouldn't it be better to just make custom earpieces than to surgically implant one if all you want is for them to not fall out...
 "no product has been so out of touch with what consumers needed or desired," sounds like legged robotics 🐱	 not true! keyword: "product" 🐱 :'(
 no apparently he also wanted to eliminate the hassle of having to take them out of ur pocket when u needed to use them lol	 wut that man is insane
 ya...	 i can't believe the entrepreneurship world has become inflated 🐱
 https://youtu.be/uaqxs_hw0cy  i would actually give it a watch	 is it good for "what not to do"
 lol well it's more like a really clueless engineer tryna do entrepreneurship	 ouchhh dude you know how woz helped jobs make a super efficient pong game for jobs' job at atari? apparently after woz found out that jobs took the bonus and never told him about it he wasn't mad about the money woz was just hurt that jobs never told him and how he would just give him the money anyway since they were friends :'( what a wholesome guy and then atari could never reproduce the pong machine woz made since it was so intricate lol. the bonus (which was 5 grand, which was huge compared to the og 300 bucks for the task) was to make the machine under 50 chips woz made it with like 30 chips but they had to remake the machine for mass-production, resulting in ~100 chips woz also made it in just four days 🐱
 🐱 damn that's amazing if only woz's brain could be paired with job's ambition, wozjob would be unstoppable	 truuu i wonder if musky can equal the powah of wozjob
 i actually really like musk bc he's more of an engineer than a businessman but he excels at both apparently 80% of his time at his companies is spent on research and development alongside engineers and also apparently when he's not satisfied by a person work, he takes it apart and is able to do it better even of it's a really intricate task by himself	 that makes him sounds like a wozjob - the soft kindness of woz lol and up the stringency of jobs
 well idk about soft kindness but definitely he's down to earth and actually has technical skills unlike jobs	 i like how out of all these ppl the person with the most seemingly stable personal/love life is zuckerfucker 🐱
 🐱 well does woz have a wife	 woz has had like four wives lol
 also technically bill gates is pretty settled and he's the same generation as jobs and woz	 wait really? i thought he was younger
 in pretty sure within the same decade	 is jeff bezos the same gen as musky? lol
 ya not necessarily in age but in entrepreneurial activity both of them rode the .com wave and became prominent in the early 2000s	 man i can't want for the robotics wave to be a thing one day :')
 🐱	 i guess robotics is going to be stuck deep in r&d for a while
 for a long while waves only come when u can mass participation *have like internet businesses which are super easy to set up	 oh c'mon there's like maybe almost 50 solely robotics focused companies/startups
 or the cryptocurrency bubble bc it's easy for anyone to buy into bitcoin while understanding nothing about block chain or distributed ledgers but i think robotics is just too technical	 tru oh wait but that's all the more reason for places to need cro's ;)))))
 maybe somehow of the process of building and designing new robots is simplified	 there is currently a ros hardware movement but it's pretty small and more complicated robots (like legged locomotion) has to have custom and specific hardware lest they be inefficient and clumsy do you remember where the middle school is?
 wdym	 oh wait i found it i forgot that google maps was a thing
 🐱	 are ya home rn?
 nope i'm at boston children's hospital	 oh wait you can't drive either lol wait wut
 for an entrepreneurial event	 you networking? if you find any robo ppl can you send me their contact so i can suck them dry
 launch was successful!	 ayy congrats!
 lol i spent the afternoon touching some fake dead bodies	 wat i thought you were networking!
 well i was touring the simlab at boston children's hospital	 they have a lab dedicated to simulations???
 ya mainly for training doctors and surgeons	 finished this is what i wasted my afternoon on just got the prints today so
 oooh it's string powered?	 just the knee joint is i want to keep the mass on top so the legs have less inertia well that's the principle that the passive dynamic ppl follow i'm pretty sure bd relies heavily on hydraulics and straight mechanics
 what's gonna be pulling the string?	 the top servo there's two servos
 oh ic	 i think i should probs do hw now but... 🐱 i can't wait for this to teach me that legged locomotion is hard as fuck
 🐱 it looks like a good atart	 that's what we said about chad lol everything reeks of plastic now
 instagram.com/50_nerdsofgrey	 lmao that's really good
 #entrepreneurship	 here's my joke on legged robots nice joke amirite
 🐱	 alright just finished up checking the documentation there were some wrong dates and numbers but it's looking better now we should all read it though to be safe have you done the stretch probs btw?
 ya kinda	 i just finished myself let me know if you wanna check
 oh ye	 is mun today? i think we're good except the graphs da heck did you get does
 i pulled them out of my ass no mun is tomorrow	 holy shit my monitor magically started working with the ubuntu side i got no idea what changed but i'll take it for now lol this is what i got for the graphs btw i believe kate fosburghe also got dis aw shit man there's early release
 oh ur graphs make more sense and ya	 when does b block end then d:
 8:23	 thx thx can ya open the bottom door? i just realized i don't know what's going on in the physics problems anymore lol
 lol wut	 oh yeh here's a good reason to have linux when the inevitable new ai or robotics frameworks come out they are going to be based on linux
 hmm that's very true there's also no easy way to get an in-terminal editor for windows how can i use the best text editor nano	 lol the real reason to have a unix system i also saw the spacex boosters land now that was fuking epic
 ya ikr the creation of a true wozjobs	 lmao is that a new term? wozjobs the ultimate entrepreneur
 yeee but honestly what musk has accomplished is so amazing	 but he never made a robot let alone a walking robot 🐱 but wouldn't be more appropriate to list the ppl at spacex alongside musky for the achievements of the rockets
 ya well that goes without saying, ofc for all entrepreneurs it's still mainly the ppl at their companies but the entrepreneur gets credit for bringing all these ppl together and giving them all a vision to work towards	 tru tru why is ppl capitalized
 bc my phone is dumb	 i just realized colleges won't even know what a slip model is i should stop using techno jumble wordy shit when talking to ppl not in robotics
 lol r u writing ur feb update?	 yeh for schoolios this just cements that buzz is the ultimate memer not going to lie, sending updates is one of the most nerve wracking things i've done double and triple checking all the names were correct
 lmao a meme from 1927 damnnn	 i love how they still keep the meme strong
 wait why are you emailing updates? isn't there an online thing for it	 i called each college only 3 of the 12 i called did portal updates the rest did emails
 oh ic oh i just got contacted for stanford intreview	 nice!!! do we have the same person?
 tim zajic	 aw man wait what he's a principal systems engineer at raytheon?! bruh he's a simulator?! shiz, how do i always get the business ppl
 lmaooo thats so funny	 can we swap lol
 lol i wish whos ur person?	 this is her sum in linkedin: " business strategist and investor with 15+ years of experience working with ceos, founders & executive leadership across multiple industries. creative and collaborative problem solver with proven ability to navigate complex projects and personalities. experience in start-ups, utilities & infrastructure, asset management & private equity, luxury goods, and non-profits." she was stanford undergrad for physics w/ a minor in econ and then went to wharton she was also apparently director of research at a company in the past now i'm interested in that tim zajic was from university of minnesota for math, and then stanford grad ph.d. for operations research and worked at lockheed martin dudeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
 🐱 i dont think we can switch lol	 well on the brightside hopefully our ppl don't know too much about the opposite fields like mine isn't too deep into tech and yours isn't too deep into business and startups so then our projects will seem all the more impressive since they can't be like "didn't someone already do that" 🐱 i honestly feel so deflated rn i usually ask my folks to be outside observers to the stuff i do so they can give me a pure and unfiltered response as if i'm presenting my projects to the general public and i showed the prototype leg getting pretty close to other slip models and her first response was, "why is your hand in the video and why is it yellow?" then it was "why can't it stand in place, isn't it a leg?" i should probably understand that ppl will generally not understand but for some reason it hit me really hard this time lol
 welp. ya and also colleges won't have the ability to ask you clarifiying questions i think its just too early of a stage as it is rn for most ppl to get what ur trying to accomplish	 i now know why hurst kept the monopod research/breakthroughs on the down-low until he finished the whole robot and made it bipedal the monoped stuff may make me rockhard but it doesn't make everyone rockhard :'(
 🐱 i mean thats kinda the fundamental problem for engineers i'm sure the surgical earphones also made that sharktank guy jizz in his pants	 i suppose the skill would be to know when a product is presentable and useful 🐱 "know when the product is useful" oh dear lord
 thats called business lol tbh  if woz didn't have jobs, he probably would have created some fundamentally brilliant new computer in its most rustic form, with all the wires and stuff, and released it out to the public like that then, only the very few ppl who could understand and use that computer would eventually integrate it into existing personal computer products whereas jobs insisted that the netire thing be made with ui/ux designed so anyone could use it	 tru the business side that woz lacke he _really_ lacked it i think he originally just wanted to release it for free btw are you free d block tomorrow?
 ya why?	 just wondering if ya wanna go to some testing on chad w/ me
 oh. i hate to say it but i have to work on mun during that time cuz i have the conference coming up and also i need to finish writing my sci oly test for the tryouts this friday	 kkkkkkkk
 sorry :/ it was a really bad idea to have two back to back mun conferences and then mahacks right after in the middle of states prep season for sci oly	 nah it's alright man the chad lads have got'chu
 🐱 thanks	 no problemo
 btw do u have open ends tomorrow?	 e block i do
 oh wait can u check if u have the box and the magnets in ur basement	 what does it look like? there's a shit ton of boxes down there lol
 its the ones physics teachers use for test blockers mainly the important thing is the magnets if you have those cuz we can use any box really	 do ya remember what the magnets look like? size n' stuff
 uh magnet sized	 lol thanks man
 i think one of them is like a grey shiny cilinder thing	 yeh, couldn't find it i can another look tomorrow though
 do you have any magnets?	 all i got are fridge magnets lol
 🐱 can you look for the box again?	 i can during e block does anyone from sci oly also have an e block open end? are ya going to this meet?
 ya i'm going to the meet and not that i know of oh ben why?	 cuz idk what it looks like lol and there's tons of shit in the boxes
 hmm could i go to ur house during lunch?	 uhhhh what lunch you got you need my keys lol
 or if u just take pics of the pile of shit in ur basement i can identify it i have 2nd	 i have third lunch 🐱
 i guess i could just go after school if we hurry but i also need to grab jason's laptop and he needs to show me how to run it so not ideal	 welp shit i can take a look during e block
 ok actually i kind accidentally skipped econ so i'll be there in third lunch	 lol bruh
 lol i'm on the balcony of the caf	 where u at how's mission possible lol
 proabbly 11th place	 lol it's alright you actually skipping today?
 nah gotta come cuz i have english quuz	 🐱 i got the address and a map i'll be there
 🐱	 now that's worth
 lol	 how's mun so far? i'm so hyped for the party boi sci oly is cancelled today we finally broke the poor janitors grace 🐱 🐱
 fckkkk why	 cuz we kept abusing their generosity lol how did ur belt break that's freaking hilarious
 lol oh god it spread quickly also really randomly and unexpectedly uc decisions came out	 nah they are rolling
 really? i thought they said late march 🐱	 it's feb bruh lol
 ya that's why it's unexpected	 late march is when they will finish al of them
 no one else here got an email	 i thought you took back ucb?
 ah ok i guess that makes sense no i completely forgot about that bc of how busy	 🐱
 the past few weeks have been	 bruhhh lol
 i also thought it would come out on late march 🐱	 i guess they really wanted you ;)
 lol theybdont need another asian cs nerd	 or maybe ucb girl made sure you got in
 lmaio	 how's mun so far made any genocides yet? i just realized i have no transportation into boston lol new invention idea a smart belt a belt that will change sizes based on your waist orientation, knowing when you're going to sit down it can also monitor how much you've eaten and tell you to stop
 lmaooo here's what your missing	 dude i'm in there rn lol i'm near the green light on the stage the green light on the arduino :') i have made a sin a sin with a way too precise balancing point that broke from falling over lol
 lolol wait does it work?	 lmao no of course not 🐱
 🐱 u missed the delegate dance	 it's been standing for almost 5 minutes now
 noiceee btw sorry we weren't there to work on chad	 nah it's fine i can't believe i just did this i have gone down a path that i may not return from
 🐱 it's ok you must accept the unviabilitu	 i can't believe it has a repeatable point of balance on my first try
 ? how would it be unrepeatable	 meaning that when i tense up the springs and plop it down carefully it can balance
 oh niceee	 i was afraid that it would end up like atrias since i actually have no actual ankle control but it's not active balancing so i got my work cut out for me lol plus it has no actuation or even joints to allow it to move in the third dimension
 there's your wholesome meme of the day	 lol thx now that this has made it past mechanical prototyping i must bestow a name upon this monstrosity how about yeh i got nothing lol
 how about "unviable"	 🐱 how about jocelyne 🐱 🐱
 jeezus] i barely k her ok	 i feel like i'll hear that line a lot in the future 🐱
 🐱 hey you wanna take a break from working on unviable and play online smash	 i was about to go to sleep lol
 we had to do curfew for mun	 plus you would lose anyway
 and now i don't want to sleep but im bored	 🐱
 pshh your gonna sleep at 12:58? weeakkkkkkk]	 you could help me write some code for jocelyne and research proper i2c chips to control the servos 🐱
 🐱	 doesn't mun require you to get sleep and be aware lol
 i mean if its python sure ;) nah its all done, tomororw is the last day and we finished evyerhing already	 who are ya rooming with
 max and vara	 ahhh you could watch a good movie perhaps i'm also on my ubuntu side so hehe
 oh does that not have smash lol fine pusssyyyyyyy 🐱	 alright that does it ur dead meat punk 🐱 get ready for a smack down
 lol niiiice i will unleash the loyd can u create the room?	 yeh sure fuk i got locked out for fifteen minutes lol
 lol reallly isnt ur pass just crutbygundam wait so u can't access onlin at all?	 nah i changed it when i got locked out last time lol nah i'm making a new account lol
 lol welp	 one sec lol
 lol	 aw shit i think it targets your whole system? maybe ip address
 wait srsly how does smash have better security than gmail	 🐱 that's pretty funny
 welp	 alright got it i think ok nvm lol ce'st la vie gnight then i suppose lol
 welo ok good night	 have fun with jocelyne oh wait tell max when he's editing the gold peak page to mention the great spill of winter when we first spilled a cold one and the cap of the cold one bottle broke it's a day that will forever live in infamy
 dude its so amazing	 that was so good so how was mun? where u at bruh
 yo how did it go? shit i also didnt see ur messages before	 how did wut go?
 the meeting wtih mahoney	 i took notes and shared it should basically cover everything i can't believe that you really met a girl at mun lol did you ask her to the dance?
 bruh i didn't even we just worked together on the same directives	 what does she look like ya stud actuakly never mind that shit bd released a new video https://youtu.be/fuyu3lkzoio  to be fair it's actually stuff they've done before but this time more refined
 lol	 you feeling better?
 yee just been super busy	 you in school today?
 yup	 you wanna chad with me during d block?
 theres something i need to finish for mahacks which i can probably do it all in c block so yea most likely	 nioce i'll get ya a pass the
 thanks man	 btw can you open the back foot lol door
 oh woops do u still need it	 nope but i got ur pass my study hall is on the third floor so i'll pass by physics and hand you your pass then so i guess you should hang out at physics until i get there so you can get the pass lol
 wait my eye is bleeding	 wat are you better now wait dude wtf happened fake news marc raibert said that it could be used for household chores lmao that self promo in discord i see u
 ye gotta do what u gotta do	 were you guys able to sneak out of that assembly? it was uh quite the experience...
 ya what happened?	 it was pretty awkward and cringy overall lol more importantly doe how's chad doing
 the claw is bad at picking stuff up its been improved, still neesd more testing the up and down seemst o working fine and also david figured out how to make the create play notes so i'm currently transcribing flight of the valkerie onto chad so it can play as it runs xd the most important detail	 lmaooo how does it do it? is there a library or are we just sending certain bytes through the serial connection
 ya it was on the irobot create documentation not on kipr's	 ayyyy
 get ready for a surprise during e block	 🐱 u coming during e block? valentine's reaccs only the master memers are at it again
 lmaoooo	 send me some dank updates/vids of mun i'll trade you with videos of a failing legged robot btw vara's lookin' for ya are ya still at the school? hmm idk why but for the recent while david has been bothering me not as him actually bothering me but i'm bothered by the idea/his presence it just feels, "off" some of his actions, mannerisms, idk why not as in i think he's acting strange from normal, but rather i think he's been rubbing me the wrong way and i can't tell why or how. it's not like i talk to him regularly or anything, trying to keep all interactions limited to botball i think it's all in my head but i still don't like his presence lol, wow that sounds mean
 no that's not mean but do u k like what specifically about him has been rubbing u the wrong way?	 i think the way he talks to people perhaps maybe i just didn't notice it until now but he tends to try to put himself up perhaps i'm being paranoid/looking too much into it lol maybe it's him just being socially awkward and i should give him the benefit of the doubt what do you think? you have actual classes with him i just feel very wary around him, especially since he seems unstable in general as seen from past interactions lol i'm actually still slightly miffed by him claiming that we don't care about botball when he fucks off randomly last year during vacation meetings and other shit
 i don't really talk to him in latin but ya i agree he kinda does that but also he can afford to go to botball like every day bc he's already in his ed college so	 yeh i was able to come to my own satisfying conclusion that i think settled my thoughts he's just an overly sensitive and insecure asshole
 ya.... is there anything in particular that triggered it?	 nah not really lol i've just been bothered by it probably from over exposure from being in the same room during botball 🐱 i think i'm fine now though i kinda pity him instead of being bothered by him now
 thats good i mean tbh one good thing about david is if you want to avoid him and not interact with him for a while, its pretty easy cuz he doesn't talk anyways unlike vara	 🐱 you still good with vara?
 ya we've both decided it's best to just move on i'm more miffed about my relationship with jen kinda sad it took such a hit	 this is your chance to mend it invite her to climb the washington monument together jk, just do fun stuff with her and hang out, have a nice time with her
 thats the thing tho i feel like shes not comfortable hanging out with me like i kinda wanna hang out with her	 that makes you sound like a creep 🐱 jk jk well i think the number one priority is to not make her uncomfortable
 🐱 :/	 that doesn't mean you can't make her comfortable jk idk how this would work
 poenis that was ethan august	 lol sounds like you guys are having fun wow ok then lol we just finished moving the robots and game pieces to davids house we're going to attempt to move the second board tomorrow i should have the webassign done soon remind me to send them to you wait, i take that back, i'll just remind myself with siri
 lol	 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgyjnqojvxe watch the previous short! ➤ http://j.mp/epicunboxing we're on twitch! ➤ http://j.mp/rjtwitch they come from all around the globe. southern los angeles. burba...
 <3 your too good	 why did you spam the swobo chat lol
 i did it when we were still guessing :'( but my internet lags a lot on this wifi	 lmaooo i got some crazy ass motors from some old and seemingly broken battlebots stuff i wanna try to get them working but they are probably powerful af so if i disappear for a while i'm probably in the hospital or in the ground cuz fuck safety amirite 🐱 for reference, i can't even wrap my whole hand around one the motor is high torque not high speed
 wait roy did you actually create an insta	 it's a meme
 lol did you make iy	 yeh apparently aadhya is trying to learn tensorflow are ya spreading the ai love?
 ya i recommended it to her	 wait is she going to mahacks? and btw the motors i have now, we could maybe make skateboards with those 🐱 didn't end up submitting a senior pic 🐱
 🐱	 i think i cut my hair way too short
 🐱 lmao will i finally see what your forehead looks like	 yeh oh man even 2d biped is a lot harder than i thought i thought i could get away with just using a mc and not use a full on computer but i'm doubting even the launchpad's processing power for this task now what do you think? the problem is that i need to use at least 3 sensors: imu, ultrasonic, and touch maybe servo feedback if i need it later on but the issue is that i need fast updates on the sensors in real time which i can already do however the servos always need a hefty delay for the signal to go through and complete like a delay of 15 microseconds is already a nono for the sensors i'm thinking of trying to put servo control in a separate thread but idk if i wanna deal with the pain of threading the other option is to bust out the computer and have the sensor data be sent to that and then have a separate servo controller dedicated to servo control hmm the second option is technically better.... technically.... i think i answered my own question thanks man
 🐱 wait i'm confused by what you mean by the 2nd option also if you we're rospy threading would be easy ;) *using	 the second option is splitting the input and output to be done by two separate mc micro controllers i'm not using an actual computer rn just the launchpad so no rospy yet
 ah ok	 this is becoming exponentially more complex than i anticipated i now know why it took four years for some researchers at waterloo to get their 2d biped working years ago  you missed a call from foxy roxy. btw you should check your fb i don't think you posted that
 jeezus	 you should sleep early mi amigo did ya have fun at naimun? ya feeling better? you seemed really worn out, like i'm worried about you burning out kind of worn oht
 ya naimun was fun two back to back conferences was a bit intense and this week is just so fucking busy but it will be better once mahacks is done i have an mahacks meeting in an hr, sci oly all day tomorrow, mun meeting wed. morning and botball + florian dinner in the afternoon, botball and mahacks meeting in boston on thursday and entrepreneurship club friday morning + mahacks final prep on friday	 ahh icic
 i can probably only come on wed and thurs for botball i also wish i could just take a day and not do shit lol 🐱	 oh wait that works out since i'm gone thursday
 nice nice	 you can take a break wednesday from botball i can take care of the programming
 u sure	 damn dude you should take sunday off or something
 but i feel bad cuz i haven't been there that much	 yeh don't worry about, i gotchu
 plus i'll be there anyways for the florian dinner nah it's fine i'll come on wednesday	 da bois got ur back
 i might nap in the middle but i'll b there	 lol nap at home then napping in such a chaotic environment is the equivalent as napping outside btw where in boston on thursday? i'll be in the area too probs
 near north station what u doin in boston? ai meetup? 🐱	 i'm touring massrobotics
 ah ok	 and then robbing them blind 🐱 you should really just go to sleep early though sam and i are about to marathon some shows so when we're done i'll msg you to make sure you're not awake lol
 nah i have an mahacks meeting at 9	 boi
 which will probably go like 1-2 hrs	 just don't burn out this week if you're still feeling like crap by tomorrow take wednesday off
 ok	 if you're eye is still broken take it off 🐱
 online it said 2 - 3 wreks *weeks	 it's a pretty bad sign doe caused by high blood pressure
 nah the nurse said my blood pressure was fine probably most likely cause is fayogue *fatigue	 yeh that's another reason to take wednesday off lol
 unknown type its a dystopian episodie set in a monochrome style its pretty terrifying, but also showcases a very very viable legged robot look how viable this robot is. it just blew someones brains out	 that's not what i want robots to do >:( murder is not an application!
 the writer actually said they got inspiration from bd's dogs in the episode, the killer robots are called "dogs"	 why they gotta get inspiration like dat ruining the market view of legged robos :'(
 here's a more accurate summary of the episode https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umy91z-1fby closer to real life	 the writer for ieee automation is actually sad/annoyed everyone on bd's videos are always like "oh no! killer robots!" that's actually a hilarious video
 lol	 should i spend 20 bucks on a specialized servo controller? https://www.pololu.com/product/1350 it's apparently super precise
 mmmm how much more precise than what you lareday have?	 yup
 *how much more precise	 oh idk maybe i should look more into controlling all the input and output from one board first i've only spent a day testing that lol
 oh lol	 got it i think i can control everything from one mc it's just awkward since i can only control the servos acurately when the imu is updating, it's in the same function
 lmaooo that pretty hacky	 yeh.... i just woke up what's going on
 lol there are ppl here are you coming? respond to jason	 alright i can come and give him the glue and exactos then idk do you guys need anything else? otherwise i'll just be back at my house
 hmm whats the plan for mision possible	 build where are you guys?
 lib but like what sht eschedule?	 idk anytime i'm awake and in the basement lol we can talk more when i'm at the lib
 oh are you actually coming ok i mean theres not much f or you to do here tbj	 i could just do break hw there 🐱
 hey ;)	 which part of the lib?
 wanna get it on later tonight? ;) my servos, ur legged robots lets make it happen ;)	 you don't have servos lol
 oh ill provide plenty of thrust ;)	 it would need to be torque not thrust
 oh we'll be going in circles all night baby ;)	 the actuators would also need to be low mass so that the inertia of each joint especially those on the legs will be low
 when you compile a lot of mass in a short height	 the inertia must be low so that the momentum of the leg will be easier to control
 that's when you really get thicccccccc ;)	 due to the fact that flat feet designs rely on the actuator being in the joints they are slow however that can be overcome with a mechanical design in which the parallel bars are sliding to an angle based on the angle of the point of rotation powered by the actuator
 hmmm sounds like you'll need a large angle of depression for that i got you covered ;) hey, even if those bars need to be sliding at parallel angles	 interesting that you bring that up because the slip mass model (spring loaded inverted pendulum) with a depression dampening effect has become a more popular model recent where in the lib are you guys
 meeting room	 where's that you gotta describe it for me lol last time i was in the lib was months ago
 lmao where r u now ill come down	 https://youtu.be/afua50h9uek a test of spotmini's ability to adjust to disturbances as it opens and walks through a door. a person (not shown) drives the robot up to the door, points the... yessssss spotted in the archives: meme from 1901 this confirms that buzz has always been the ultimate memelord
 lmaoooo is that actually from 1901 that's insane	 ikr ya coming soon mah boi?
 ya i'll be there soon	 eta?
 probably like 20 min	 kkkkk max and i have some updates for ya and fully commentated and cleaned up cofe *code
 ewww get that filthy commented code out of thete	 where u at 🐱 commented code earns gold stars
 walking	 tell us if you jason's dead body
 also got some cold ones lol wut	 jason said he was walking three hours ago and he's still missing
 oh shit	 are you still at davids?
 nooe	 lol thx man
 npnp	 that was a pretty fun party
 ye haven't had one in a while	 did not expect to enjoy socialization with a lot of ppl so much
 🐱	 🐱 i usually get tired out from that kind of stuff lol
 after mahacks i will be so much more free to hang out with ppl and stuff	 what about winmun
 ya well also we haven't had a gathering in a while. i would be tired if it was like every week of every other week eh that's not nearly as much work	 ahh ic ic hey, you're almost got a lot of free time or at least a comfortable amount
 well after mahacks i have to cram my english project that was assigned a few weeks ago lol but after that	 bruh
 shit then there's sci oly states but after that	 bruhh after that would be hefty botball grinding lol
 i have some breathing space before winmun and then botball regionals ye shit	 🐱 whatever happened to latin club and stuff?
 lmao i'm not doing that i never really did that	 wait really wait what lol
 i mean i went to some events and stuff but i don't really do the cluh it was mainly cuz my latin teacher asked really nicely and not man y other ppl go	 i think i'm actually out for rwdc around the time of regionals so it's pretty clutch that our schedules covers for whenever we're absent lol ahhh ic ic
 oh it's the week before right	 yup yup i think it's the 23? and regionals is 28 i believe
 ye it's kinda sad this will be our last botball season	 hmm i haven't felt nostalgic or melancholic just yet about the whole our last year of high school but yeh i see what you mean
 i've felt a bit bc of mun mun is basically ovee	 ahhh no more meetings?
 nah we still have meetins but actual conferences are ovee	 ah yeh, everything slowing down then well if it makes you feel any better you can also take it as a sign of you doing other new things i didn't realize how far apart cambridge and boston are...
 there's a river in b/w	 dat's dumb i fucked up
 bruh did u go to mit sloan	 i want free monitors idk where else in this whole city to hang out for long periods of time lol
 lmao any starbucks	 but there's ppl there at least in sloan i can take a safety room a room in which i am safe from human interaction
 lol yo roy when are you done with ur tour?	 just finishing up i'm stuck in the sloan area afterwards that place was amazing, got some nice networking done too
 noice noice i'm gonna head over to kendall square after i'm done with mahacks, around 4 do you want a ride home?	 sure but i was planning to hang around the area for a while and do some work
 my mom is driving me back around 5:30 cuz she works in mit so if u want just lmk	 i'm taking a dump in the stats building rn stata there's so many nerds here thx for the offer but i think i might wanna stick around a bit longer it's a nice environment to get work done and not smell the terrible smell of broken 3d printed pieces like my room this is my third shit today what is going on
 🐱 uh	 how's mahacks
 coming along i'm pretty excited. it's coming together petty well i'm not nearly as stressed about it as last mahacks	 is it near the stata building? i need a place to crash ;) niceeee that's amazing to hear
 lol no it's over by north station	 where da fuk is north station what is north dgps is too expensive for me
 lol actually the first mahacks we had, in the mit stata center, there was a guy who hung around during the entire event and just took food he looked like an mit grad student i was gonna tell him to stop but he also looked kinda homeless	 i think he was your future self
 lol :'( ok im not gonna be creepin around high school hackathons	 that's pretty hilarious
 i'll be mooching off of soup kitchens like a respectable human	 yeh ok, you'll be creeping around technovation????? lol that was just as bad as what i just suggested
 lol	 i'll just be continuing taking dumps around kendall square and sloan if ya wanna drop by 🐱 or maybe i can take my first dump in north station 🐱
 lol north station is near the loews theater that we always go to	 isn't that kinda far lol oh my it's across the river lol 17 minute walk?! yeh i don't think i would survive that fuck i just sat down at a table that i thought was free but after i looked up there was a couple cuddling/sleeping across from me
 lmaooo also i just randomly got put into a group chat with ppl i don't know lmao	 is this from mun?
 no i don't k any of these ppl	 or did you get so black out drunk you forgot you went to that party lol and forgot who those ppl are
 i got the text like yesterday lol i kinda wanna troll and play along	 that might be kinda creepy lol you could pretend to be from the party but obviously show that you have no idea what you're talking about
 lol	 i made a mistake sitting here there are too many ppl and they are in such close proximity i can smell their scent this is very uncomfortable the feels when your nono zone is too big
 shit i just missed my train	 wut wait, are you still in winchester?
 ye	 ahhh good thing i didn't walk to northstation lol wait, how are you going to get here then?
 i'm not lol rip it's ok two of my team members are going	 this could be a good opportunity to take it slow and chill for the rest of the day
 lol nahhhhh	 or maybe you could use one of those telepresence robots
 i might just ask them to vid call me in	 boi wut happened to chillin' lol
 shit our venue might be too small	 how? i thought you guys were just at carrying capacity?
 well uh when we were venue touring, our goal was to hit 80 for our event cuz our last event was around 55 but uh we have 111 coming so our venue would fit 80 very well but idk about 111	 bruh
 shiiiiiit	 that's 138.75% your carrying capacity
 im kinda hoping some ppl won't come	 idk if you should bank on that lol if they do come wouldn't the experience be kinda not as fun if it's so cramped? oh, you could advertise it as a mun dance worse comes to worse
 ye.....	 could you maybe cut ppl?
 i dont think so	 well is the venue going to be mad that you're stuffing so many ppl in?
 nah i think they'll be fine	 so then the problem is just handling/cramming in that many ppl?
 ya	 welp maybe you can have a special opportunity to participate "outside"
 lmao i dont think that will sell	 you could have elimination rounds if your project isn't in testing phase by this time you're out
 hm that's not realy how hackathons work and ppl might get pised abotu that	 well they should suck it up like men then de let's go 🐱 you're first venture is going to fail, face reality
 damn	 idk about you but all these mit kids are nerdy af looking i have yet to see a fit one (for reference i'm in the stata building) there were fancy lookin' ppl at sloan, which makes sense
 no there are def buff mit ppl maybe not in the cs building lol	 yeh that makes a lot of sense lol i bet the meche kids are buffer the computational linguists might have nice forearms from lifting so many heavy books
 lol	 there's a lot of young lookin' ppl here i saw a person who could pass off as an elementary schooler little do i know she's actually 12 lol
 what what is she doing there also scratch what i said about being stressed lol i'm really nervous now that i think our venue is too small	 i was sitting next to the daycare thing but this girl came out of a lecture hall with a backpack and everything lol bruh isn't the meeting over by now? what's the consensus? (i'm also on my fourth dump of the day)
 rn they're still counting chairs and making a catalogue of the different rooms	 ahh ic ic and you're vid calling i'm assuming? wait where are you vid calling if you don't have transportation
 nah they're just sening me pics and vids of the venues over messenger	 that situation sounds a lot more conducive to anxiety lol
 lol ya probably a;sdkjf;alskjdf;lajs;dlkfjasl;dfjlasdjfk	 do you know your options then?
 the only option is to cram everyone in basically	 wait, then why are you stressing if there's only one option
 bc irrationality	 🐱
 🐱	 maybe you guys can brainstorm ways to limit the amount of chaos and or inconvenience
 wait do u have a slack?	 i think either jenn or ethan wanted me to make one a while back i might have one idk
 can you join this link: https://join.slack.com/t/mahacksiii/shared_invite/enqtmze5nji4mduznzy1lwzimddhmdg0zju1njjhzdi1ntewyjlmnjg0yji1mwfiogq3mwywmtizmdiyzmm3otqwotg3mjhhyjc4ogjlnzk and tell me what comes up ok can you try to join	 sure can i make my display name walter? 🐱 jk
 🐱 ok so your in right	 i need to get the app i think i'm taking my fourth dump remember
 oh wut oh ur on ur phone	 i ain't taking my laptop out while i'm on the loo unless i really need to program lol
 lol are you sure you dont need to get your ass checked	 nah i think i'm fine i'm in the slack thing now it's just like discord i'm starting to get really triggered by all the social media overlap it's suboptimal
 ok are you able to post to the announcements channel?	 nope can't post says only admins
 nice. and can you post to all the other ones?	 i'll test all done testing looks good
 sweet thanks	 hold on i need to test the keywords
 just want to make sure cuz last year i didn't set all the permissions so some little shits trolled the slack	 the keyword thing is broken 🐱 lol really? wow so mature srs though, isn't this just discrod?
 ya lmao nice one and ya it's discord but for professional companies	 i just realized how ironic it was for me to sarcastically call those trolls mature when i just said that to a bot
 lol	 lol how is it more professional?! it's just a white discord
 ya basically	 oh wait i answered my own question "white"
 but it's not marketed for gaming so	 🐱
 that's basically it it's also shittier than discord with less features and not completely free	 lol ok imma delete it now then unless you need something else
 ok ya that's good thanks	 no problemo i still can't believe that one of the four valkeriyes is stationed at massrobotics i thought that nasa took them all back but nah you're not going to david's today right? any other updates on chad before i dig into the code?
 nope i put some comments oh the dumping mechanism is a bit wierd, but i tested out awhole bunch of methods of dumping	 the crank that is a bit strange i thought the default open should be like this with the back liftarms being  perpendicular to the arm love the comments btw 🌟
 lol thanks how is the dumping?	 i found a better way to dump i also got rid of all the old commented useless code
 so after testing i realized you basically have to go through the middle noooooo that was fundamental to the robots function	 made a new move till black function that uses the create sensors, works really well i'm working on getting all the pom piles rn
 how are u dumping? cuz i don't want to rely on the middle pole going into the claw if that's what ur doing and going from the side just didn't work for me	 the dumping is having the claw to the right of the team pole and then half open and then full open worked all the times i've tried as long as the tram isn't fucked up
 but what if the team is like slightly tilted oh i guess i didn't try the side with the new claw bin design so it might work now i redid the foam bin thing to make it wider	 the tram has to be not like fed
 hmm so have u tried with slight tilts of the bin specifically if it's tilted away from that side my reasoning was i thought going directly into the middle is the most robust and least reliant on good bin positioning, so i basically open as i move above the bin	 hmmm yeh i'm not sure just yet which is better for now i'm just trying to get it to be able to put all three piles in
 ok	 we're so close and yet so far i'm not sure how to line things up i need to go soon so let me finish up what i can and then i'll send a vid to the lads
 ok	 nothing is working i wanna die
 🐱 same	 you doing mahacks stuff rn? didn't get a good vid but at one point i was just changing msleeps so i redid the end part so it's a bit rough but is more consistent in what it does aiming to the tram is tricky though perhaps we should utilize the middle black tape from the cubes/cage that thing is right on path from the trams middle but that would take more time
 ya it already takes a bit too much time	 we're at that point where it's hard to test since you have to test the whole first part of the program first lol davids house is most likely closed tomorrow so i can't get more work done :(
 🐱	 could i crash mahacks? you could be 140% capacity!!!! jk jk how is that going?
 i've been doing mahacks all day just finishing up some last logistics stuff and finalizing our live page	 what the heck is a live page
 live.mahacks.com basically puttinga ll the info you need during the hackathon on there	 this triggers me
 lol why oh that	 youuuuu how could you 🐱
 the whole workshop is just one slide its a legged robot with an x through the middle	 i was about to say that 🐱
 🐱	 it's a waste to hack together technology that nobody wants to use you just killed a legged locomotion roboticist somewhere with that sentence now there's only 7 of us! 🐱
 more like 3 u mark rupert and tool shed man	 lol ouch man did you write up that description?
 nope it was the workshop runner	 cuz it reads like a direct meme against me lol
 lol	 just give it the right context :')
 everything with applications is	 what applications does the robo from ex machine have?!
 killing ppl	 she's literally a person at that point >>:(
 dude she slid that knife into his back like it was butter	 he just skipped back day like a fool her arm broke kinda easily doe
 tru she could be a spy she's not subject to emotional weakness but still understands how to manipulate them	 she's just a sociopathic human then lol
 ya but she's the perfect sociopath	 i still don't understand the desire to give machines tru sentience/on par with humans
 me neither i think we should restrict them to specific areas i feel like the best case scenario for ai is if we could make an ai with creativity and intuition  that could help invent new things innovation becomes an obtainable resource u just have these innovation mines chugging constantly improving humanity however it shouldn't need sentience and thus shouldn't be able to go rogue	 it all depends on how that ai works/is structured then. we don't even know how sentience or creativity work nevermind if they're interlocked i think the realistic scenario rn is that we develop ai that become really good at one task and have a bunch of those together to complete more complex tasks or quantum computing makes a breakthrough and we all live in vr forever 🐱 what's the plan to deal with all the ppl?
 pray	 boi you free today? what happened with jenn? i just realized i don't know how to format a resume
 shit sorry i collapsed after mahacks wait what happened to jen	 lol you might wanna keep resting then max told me that she was mad/sad that she wasn't on a "main" robot group in botball and ranted to you about it even though we all thought she was fine and stuff
 oh ya at mun she was complaining about how she was so "done with botball bc she's not on a main robot"	 welp do you think resumes need a summary page?
 no but sometimes a cover letter	 the fuck is a cover letter again? oh wait i remember now lol what if i'm shot gunning turns out massrobotics is a hub for other robotics companies so i'm actually just shotgunning all those companies in massrobotics
 wdym is mass robotics just a space?	 i'm not going to write a cover letter for like 15+ companies mannn college app ptsd idk what to call massrobotics exactly but they have all the tools and some really expensive robots for the companies to use and then they also house a valkyrie for unis to use i like to refer to them as a robot hub
 ah ic oh are you job hunting?	 nah when i was touring i may have gotten a little over excited with all these world class expensive robots around me and completely nerded out then i took a huge dump there and once i was finished all the business ppl left but i didn't have a ride so i asked the director who gave me a tour if i could hang around and she said sure then she told me that i should email my resume and to her for an internship if i wanted one so here i am now lol not sure what i did for her to ask me to do that maybe it's cuz i cleaned the toilet seat and left the lid down like a g 🐱
 🐱	 all the ppl for the tour were all dressed up in fancy suits n' shit and here i walk in with a stupid t-shirt, sweatpants, and an oversized zip-up hoodie lol the first thing the director said to be was, "oh! you must be a student"
 was it like an official tour? it was probably for businesses	 the tour was apparently for ppl who want to check out the place for their own companies and talk about rates n' shit and i forwent all of that and put my stupid name on the rvsp
 nice	 i wonder how long i can pull that kind of bs before it gets _too_ weird i'mma say until i'm 28 more importantly though, how was mahacks?! sounds like you got drained
 oh it was super fun and went smooothly ya i'm just really really tired lol	 that's good to hear that it went smoothly despite being over capacity how did you guys manage dat do ya think i should mention gpa
 on your resume?	 ye 🐱 wait would ppl even care?
 ya i would include it	 lmao too late for dat i emailed it already if someone follows you on social media but you don't know them should you follow them back? op, nvm too late
 welp	 don't worry i sent her a safety message
 i don't usually accept also there's a bunch of bots that try to friend everyonn	 nah she's a real girl lol she followed me cuz of my last name?
 she "liked the word xing" 🐱	 is that a subtle pick up line or something
 no idea some ppl do friend ppl on their recommended list	 this was my response: then i told her to fuck off 🐱 jk jk where u at did you really comment on the winchester residents page lol
 lmao ya	 lmaooo getting riled up over petty political memes
 did u see my comment?	 yeh i did that was pretty good
 *gasp* and you didn't like it you're not my real friend 🐱	 but how do you have time to make all those legged robotics memes? lmaoo bruh 🐱 ptsd
 lol well the robotics memes are actually funny cuz they're true 🐱	 ouch wait it's almost march don't college results come out soon
 ye early marchh	 ay lmao that sucks still having to wait
 you'll be fine, you already got into oregon all you need is the hayshed and a legged robot	 nah i'm not worried about the results since i can already bombard hursts' lab exactly
 noice tho it will def be a stressfuly time for everyone in general hopefully less drama this time	 pi day?
 ya but also ivy week	 you could send meme mags to ppl who get in lmao who cares about ivy week here's something more important than college results though https://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robotics/artificial-intelligence/openai-releases-algorithm-that-helps-robots-learn-from-hindsight it's not a failure if you just pretend that you meant to do it all along how do you deal with having all these long drawn out convos i'm throughly impressed
 wdym?	 nvm lol
 u mean with jeremy?	 nah i mean in the sci oly chat those kind of walls of texts it they're not personal between friends or philosophical or tech related then i have a hard time reading them thiuroighly you also feeling ok
 ya why?	 in the time we were memeing and having fun working on chad you seemed fine but the time before and after you seemed kinda stressed out and irked lol
 oh did i well i'm a bit irked by the jeremy situation but before that i thinkbi was just tired	 like when you got heated about max building maga by using parts from the freshmen cell yeh i'm talking to jeremy now
 well ok ya but that's simply like an ethical issue, it would be a hypocritical abuse if power to be taking apart ppls robots thankfully he didnt but also like o hear a lot of ppl talking about being upset at how authoritarian botball is and i do see it at some pts	 yeh... idk i just feel like some personalities clash a lot in our current state of botball, leading to unnecessary drama
 i feel like jeremy was treated pretty unfairly i now feel bad i didn't say more to kinda alleviate the situation	 correct me if i'm wrong but it seems to be more of jenn complaining and alienating jeremy rather than the other way around
 agreed also i think ethan and david have some pretty negative biases against jeremy max seems to too i guess	 i didn't expect max to honestly, ethan and david always have strong biases so i'm not surprised about that
 like i think jeremy was probably being dictatorial and alienating his team, but ethan firmly believes that jeremy is a power hungry person who just wants to be in control	 though max does trust jenn more than jeremy it seems like so it makes sense how this came about lol jeremy has said multiple times he just wants to build a robot and have a good time, which i can empathize with
 but like i think jeremy just can't tell when he is being dictatorial ya ikr this drama is stupod also the fact that we hadnt talked to him about it directly at all and ethan david and max immediately jumped to kicking him out was a bit concerning i was talking to him after and i think a super valid defense on his part is that every time he asked others for their thoughts they would not along, there was no instance where he could have changed his behavior, until now where we full out smack him in the face with it	 yeh i was just talking to him and asking what he wants and he just wanted to work in a nice group lol
 *nod ya... and it was totally unfair to basically blame jeremy for the other members not being dedicated lol i really wanted to say smthn and i regret that i didn't	 i really want to let him jump onto chad with us worse comes to worse but idk if we have enough for him to do, i already feel bad about what happened with brando last year and max has already started moving onto other stuff now that the big chunk of hardware is done
 ya. i would be fine with that it might be a nice resolution for all parties anyways cuz apparently none of his team wants to work with him and it seems like we're the only ppl who would be down to work with him :/	 apparently asun and sam said they're fine with working with him and that sam didn't want jeremy to leave (this info is from jeremy himself) forgive me if this sounds mean and harsh but i didn't know that jenn could stir up this much trouble. working with her in rwdc has been a breeze, but maybe that's cuz everyone is already friends before in that group
 well ya tbh i don't think jen being "done with botball" is really cuz of jeremy, considering how she never brought up him being dictatorial when she talked with jeremy privately, it might have been a minor reason that we projected	 in contrast to that i have heard/listened to her complaining that jeremy was doing robo stuff without consulting her first but now i question if its really that jeremy was doing stuff without telling her or if it was her blowing things out of proportion
 the question is would that group really have done anything without jeremy cuz it's not like jen has been super dedicated in the past, or come to extra meetings ever	 that is a really good point, even if the robot isn't looking too great it's still all that group produced and on top of that it was mostly done by jeremy one problem is even if we bring up these points ethan and david are rather adament against jeremy and we both know rather well how stubborn they are lol i'm not saying we need to start digging into this more now that we just let things settle but if things arise again i'm warning that things could get not cool quick man, how much you wanna bet that other teams and actual real robot/tech teams don't have to deal with this kinda of bs lol
 🐱 well maybe in hs defiantly goes away in college i think man why can't ppl just be nice to eachother	 a large majority of the ppl doing robotics rn probably aren't going to do robotics in the future so i think it's self-filtering, i remember david talking about doing financial engineering stuff at columbia wait a sec if you're going to delve into the entrepreneurship life aren't you going to have to be real careful of ppl backstabbing n' stuff
 ya :/	 or at least ppl bumming off of others lol
 it's fine tho most entrepreneurs are also not like that	 ay lmao, if you ever need trustworthy engineering consulting or anything i'gotchu if you need a cro i also got you 🐱
 🐱 lol thanks man	 if you need an untrustworthy cfo i double got'chu
 if u need someone to constantly tell u how unviable legged robots are i gotchu 🐱	 🐱 wondering whether to sleep now and wake up early to do work or do to work now and sleep later
 🐱 the ultimate question just depends on how productive u feel	 i wanna do robo stuff but not academic stuff
 i'm so unproductive rn but i can't sleep cuz i have a mun conference call in like 5 min :/	 so basically not super productive lol
 lol	 bruh i thought mun was over lol
 well then sleep might be good idea nah winmun i usually work best at 3 am	 i really wanna build this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fusr9etceeo the demonstration in this video will show you the effect of proportional, derivative, and integral control on a real system. it's a dc motor connected to an ... and make it from the crazy ass battlebots motor i have every time i chug a cold one i feel more lethargic inside lol
 🐱	 can you open up the back door in like five minutes?
 lol ya	 thanks man i'm here now
 what if i use my fb profile for my yearbook	 you could but idk if jonny would allow that
 lol fine probably doing this one. sarah helped me pick	 ha nerdddd i just defaulted to my id lol
 lol actually my i'd is not baf *bad	 i originally wanted to meme it but decided against it
 just put a legged robot	 i'm already spreading awareness with instagram
 lmao	 i really don't know how to converse with internet strangers
 lol bruh its fine if you just ask about their school	 but then you know their general area and ip confirmation and then you get a smaller sample size of who to hack you can never be too careful on the internet @_@
 @_@	 i really wish there was a way to delete your msgs on social media platforms
 you can but it just won't delet on their side 🐱	 that's like a half pussy deletion 🐱 who the fuk would want dat
 honestly it would be so much easier if you could just delete messages especially for arguments	 this sounds like an untapped market make yet another redundant social media platform with one gimmick
 lol	 would it really help with arguments? maybe i've never had enough online but idk
 well i mean jen is still hanging that one text i sent 3 months ago over my head it would help for ppl like jen or vara who scroll back and find like on message you sent and use it to rage about u	 lol i mean if they're willing to go that far they probably have that line saved and memorized 🐱 i'm guessing she's holding you mentioning she can be a bit petty sometimes?
 ya lol	 i suppose she can't take criticism too well ce'st la vie, she'll probably mature more on that when we grow up
 ya hopefully	 and then things will hopefully be better between you two
 ya, tho i don't imagine use talking that much after hs anyways random thought, caravan palace sounds really good on piano: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gx47fe1soww this is my piano tutorial for lone digger from robot face by caravan palace. click "read more" for the free sheet music / sheets and free midi. i hope you en... i kinda want to learn it anyways	 :o you don't plan on keeping up with your high school buds? what happened to all that nostalgia about high school ending lol
 no i do but not specifically jen and i	 ahh ic ic on a brighter note: https://www.technologyreview.com/s/609996/googles-self-training-ai-turns-coders-into-machine-learning-masters/?utm_source=twitter.com&utm_medium=social&utm_content=2018-02-26&utm_campaign=technology+review automating the training of machine-learning systems could make ai much more accessible. (and yeh caravan palace sounds surprisingly good on piano)
 oh they already had that they had a publically available cnn that you could easily deploy google had trained that cnn on their databanks for like days, so its pretty good at recognizing its suppose to be like a general object recognizer but its not perfect. it thought my hand was a door	 that's pretty funny so it's not super great yet is that what they also use for google assistant i wonder?
 proabbly ya this is probably just a platform for ppl to access the cnn easier cuz i had to do some wierd shit to deploy it	 weirdd so you can't actually see or mess with the source code?
 you probably could find the code online but its not actually that important what's important is the sheer amount of data google has for the algorithm to train on and how much processing power google has to actually train such a massive algorithm	 damn, bigshot over here just shitting on google's algorithm and how it's not important jkjk
 google literally has just banks of gpus that work on these algorithms for days lmao	 if q-computing really delivers on revolutionizing processing power and speed ai should get a huge boosto from that which would then give a big boosto to robots operating in society which would just make the world a better place objectively 🐱
 🐱 hey uh i think the hardwares all there, we just gotta work on the software 🐱	 ppl with that mindset are doomed to eventually hit a wall and be behind esp since hardware is always being improved and innovated it's not like the fucking ppl who designed motors were just like airplanes already fly well all we have to do is make better motors no you motherfuckers, they took advantage of new wing designs and controls too sorry i just get so triggered by that thinking however i do understand that making physical robots and building the low level software and controls for one is always takes time and money so it is kinda of a concern how there's so many different robots platforms out there but ya know what? they're fixing that because the _software_ is lacking in portability, that's why ros exists >:((((( (oh yeh, i'll be working on chad next block, anything you want me to take a direct look at? otherwise i'll just be continuing programming)
 nah i don't think so actually maybe its a good idea to start writing down each bin dump specifically the first one cuz the second one isn't fully done but just get an idea of the success rate probably a good thing to do is get the line stuff worked out, like find out if/why sometimes it skips the line, and also get that line up to balck working?	 yeh, i'll just work on line up to black this block then and once i get that done i'll start working on the rest of the path testing
 are u at botball now? cuz i have lunch i could come over	 almost there i'm waiting for pine to do attendance lol and sir sure
 "on a scale from 1 to 5, how viable is legged robotics?" this is an actual question on my fermi questions test its a trick question bc the answer is 0 bc ur suppose to answer in powers of 10 oh btw 4 ppl are taking hovercraft tomorrow godamit the whole jeremy situation is still bothering me. i can't stop thinking about it	 i may have just woke up and not know when i fell asleep i'll be making a hovercraft test during b block... how long is it supposed to be? 10'questions? wanna go to botball for winblock today?
 it should be like 30 minutes so 10-15 questions depending on how many calculations ya ill go for winblock but i might need to study during part of that time for a test	 may i reorganize the master folder one of these days lol the folders are ridiculously pathed
 nah they're not thattttt bad	 how's mun going
 busy bus busy	 i'll send you the physics problems by tomorrow
 ok. you don't have to, im gonna try to do it on my own proabbly on friday ill have time	 it's due on friday
 shit i have an essay	 🐱
 🐱 it fine im not planning on sleeping tonight	 you aren't as young anymore and you already suffered from burnout before doing this will only hurt you more bruhhhhhhh
 its ok its jusg for a few days	 my fucking linux side just broke again next time i'm just getting a fully supported linux computer venturing out into uncharted territory on a random laptop that no one uses is making me insane
 wdym uncharted territory?	 no one has data on this laptop holy fuck i love ubuntu fucking fixed it i'm going to post my results and keep on using laptops and exploring uncharted territory http://startupspotlight.mitforumcambridge.org thought you might be interested i heard about it through massrobotics
 oooh oh i've talked to a few of these startups before	 through other events n' stuff?
 ya and mahacks outreach	 dang, how big is your network already lol
 lol i mean they're all loose connections but i think relatviely big cuz i spend a lot of time networking i also randomly show up to events at cic so that helps btw do u have plans for this summer?	 not really unless massrobotics gets back to me
 ah ok i got a job offer to work at beaverworks as a ta	 niceee
 but not sure if i want to t cuz it coincides with robotics month	 you mean botball or is there another robotics month out there lol pretty national robotics day already passed jk national robotics week is in april
 botball lol	 ic ic btw can you open the door in like 2-3 minutes
 ya sure	 nvm got in through garage
 nice	 you wanna head down for e block?
 i have actual class e block	 🐱 oh yeh
 🐱	 forgot about that... actually i was thinking do you wanna do d block chad programming? cuz i was going to turn e block into working out with sam and mr d
 ya sure tho can we do starting next week	 yeh sure
 <3 thanks i'm slightly dying this week	 ya think lol here ya go i'll finish the rest soon
 <3 but nah i got this i'm gonna do these problems myself bc i've been leeching too much already	 these are backup. just in case can't ever be too safe
 <3	 i did 39 instead of 40 lol
 lmao nice	 alright i'll get that done after a while... https://youtu.be/d3bj5bt5vba google clips is a new kind of camera that uses algorithms to automatically capture important moments in your life. but it may be biting off more than it can ... the google clips is probably the most ambitious product i've seen to use ai to have a personal impact in society i'll be gone e block for glasses so i can't work on chad today probs
 okok oh also just checked out the google clips idk if its that ambitious of a product	 i feel like the concept is wanting to be able to take pictures for ppl? that's literally taking the job of a photographer (don't tell ashley) however, the clip can't actually move itself so it can't frame the picture and the ai isn't good enough to actually tell expressions much less the mood of the event lol but i feel like the goal of being able to take pictures of great events for people while the people are unaware of the picture being taken is pretty ambitious that's a pretty abstract goal for software to achieve too "taking pictures of loving events for people"
 hmm ya i guess but i feel like computer vision ai is no longer that ambitious in general do u k abotu that startup by andrew ng, that wants to make ai that can help cure depression	 idk man they still got a lot to go before having real computer vision on par with humans lol wtf cure depression? how would an ai do that? just talk to ppl so they don't feel alone?
 ya its a chatbot that's suppose to be able to be really good at reading emotions	 how would that cure depression though wouldn't it be more of a supplement?
 ok less cure and more help depression like reduce symptoms	 maybe it's just me but the idea of pretend empathizing from a nonsentient machine to help someone who is having trouble connecting with themselves and others seems a bit off to me though i suppose the patient doesn't have to know that they're not talking with a real person
 nuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu woebot let me down if u dont click the word buttons with prewritten responses, it just continues as if u did lol :'( https://www.messenger.com/t/drwoebot	 yeh that's not as impressive as i thought
 its its getting there	 in fact i'm throughly disappointed and my day is ruined
 its viable :'(	 how the fuk are ppl supposed to empathize with it if it can't even understand what you're saying lol you're literally just reading a book or playing a choose your own adventure game at this point
 ok wait i may have misrepresented its goal its not suppose to be in the moment stress relief, weobot is suppose to talk to you over the course of a few weeks to try to find a pattern	 that's a lot more lame than what i imagined it was supposed to do 🐱
 apparently ashley has already tried it bc shes a stressed out college student she said its been prety good at helping her reorganize her thoughts when shes stressed out but she hasn't used it enough for it to be super helpful yet yett	 so it's more of a tool than anything else
 ya	 wait is uchicago really stressing her out?
 ok well the concept itself is really ambitious, having an ai therapist you're basically one step away from sentience lol	 well there's one big problem
 🐱	 holy shit it's a memer
 lol wait i kinda want to try it out to see exactly what it does	 the one big problem is how is woebot going to write down notes on its patients if it doesn't have hands
 🐱 lmao	 you know the open ai robotic learning algorithm that learns from its mistakes and hindsight? apparently ashvin worked with that group he sent me the links to the environmenta environments they have a lot of advanced robot simulations/models wonder if i could rip some of them after i mess around with the algorithm
 lol but wouldn't it highly depend on what type of robot	 yeh that's what i'm wondering if the algorithm is adaptive so you could just tell it how many actuators, the physics model and then be ready to go now that would be cool
 that would have to be a pretty complex physics model would there even be a standard format for that like theres just so much variation	 you mean the algorithm and not the model right? you can already plug and chug models into different physics simulators if you give it all the right info i notice andrew ng's name is thrown around a lot is he the big man on campus in ai? kinda like how bd are the guys to beat in legged locomotion?
 ya he's one of the really famous professors	 do you still think that ai will get to a point that you can market it in our lifetime? i don't know enough about its history to judge its growth aside from the fact that the algorithms existed in the 90s but the computers weren't strong enough to handle them viably yet
 oh def in our lifetimes what do u mean by market? there are aready a lot of ai products in market	 i mean a viable one that has actual impact instead of being "huh neat"
 define actual impact	 one that will cause the revolution that you mentioned, on par with woz's apple ii or the rise of the web
 i mean ai basically already defines a lot of stock trading and market analysis, which has a pretty huge effect on teh economy	 an impact on the world
 that's a pretty big impact on the world it doesn't have to be a consumer product lol	 i can bet you 8/10 ppl on the streets don't know wtf econ ai are or what they donlol
 ya that's the pt tho, its not a mass market product but ai is already determining lots of things about our lives	 econ doesn't affect my life 🐱
 the only mass market ai product i can think of is a virtual companion or its ai that's incorporated into some other mass market product	 i'm guessing i'm thinking of impact more of a scientific breakthrough than some applications wow that message just summed up a lot about me
 🐱	 🐱
 well neural nets were the major breakthrough that triggered the recent ai revolution there probably will be another soon based on how many pl are going to ai now	 energy also seems like they will go through another revolution soon
 ya and wearable tech :d	 🐱 good one
 it will happennn	 yeh but they gotta break through the fashion barrier first google glass could've done anything but ppl still won't wear it since it looks dumb 🐱
 well ya but that's cuz it was indeed dumb so technology just needs to be more minitiarized	 idk if we can get in on that though, the miniaturization of tech is only really possible for already big and established companies
 probably ya there's not gonna be another facebook for a while until there's another platform that democratizes technology as much as the internet maybe if 3d printing gets advanced enough that you can print electronics only thin i can think of rn	 lmao that would be the dream just printing pcbs already finished idk enough about 3d printing to make such predictions though that's a whole separate field
 ya. idk how they actually manufacture such miniature electronics	 it's all a chemical process you can "print ics" already but making the whole board is a separate matter needing machines or human workers so ye that's also why you can create an core i5 the same way as a core i7 the only difference is that when they tested them one performed better and therefore got the i7 label
 hmm then what were they doing difrerently to make it better tho? unless it's literally just a marketing thing	 it's a marketing thing the better performance is just by happen chance
 wait ur telling me they make i5 and i7 the same way but there's a random  chance that some chips are significantly better than others	 yes 🐱 we talked about this before lol
 whattttt i don't think so i don't feel right about this	 it was quite the shocker for me too sorry i used the wrong example i7 and i5 have different architectures but the sub categories of each i7 or i5 are determined by chance lol
 ooh ok that's slightly betrer	 only slightly doe
 wait subcategories? like the gen number? o_o	 lol each core has subcategories
 like what	 for example a core i5 that runs well will be called a core i5 3570k but a core i5 that doesn't run as well will be called 3350p
 oh wait then that's fine it kinda makes sense	 but doesn't it still bother you that these subcategories only exist cuz the engineers that made the chip found that some just sometimes fucked up they only exist by chance like there's no way to make a set amount of core i5 3570k you just keep going until you have enough
 lol ya, but i feel like any product is like that	 and then have lesser cpus hanging around as a byproduct
 it doesn't seem like the performance varies by a whole lot	 each hertz counts
 and technically you could just label them all i5 but it's like a bonus to test and specify	 that's like making a robot but one motor doesn't work that well so you rename it and sell it at a lower price
 free market economyy well i feel like if ppl are willing to buy it it's still a valid product as long as the customers are willingly making a choice to buy a worse one its like if you can't afford a working legged robot but there's one that's completely broken that they still sell at a lower price so u can use to jack off to or whatever u do with robots	 ok yeh that makes sense it's just that the aspect of uncertainty on a thing that we all rely on bothers me especially since it's the foundation of all tech i also just thought of a reason why legged robots are useful whilst walking down the broken and wet streets
 lol wut *why	 there's no way there's an efficient wheel can handle that without being too big and therefore they can't go up stairs and they would require a lot of power, adding onto the weight but legged robots they will have no problem and be able to walk up stairs and handle any terrain
 damn dude are u ok	 interview went better than i thought it would the dude came a bit later than me how to ease queasy stomach
 nice nice oh did u hear sam got into umich?	 yeh good times
 oh also for queasy stomach apparently ginger is suppose to help idk usually i just lie down	 i think that worked thanks man
 nice	 how are things goon' also this girl sounds kinda like you well actually doesn't sound like you at all but she does 15 clubs 🐱
 lol wut how does she go to chess club without knowing how to play chess	 that caught me really off tbh who dis girl
 what grade is she? also lol you're actualy using insta	 i'm using it to post pics of robots and document the timeline of modern robotics otherwise i'm talking to this girl ethan did some stalking and all her friends are sophomores so if i'm missing on monday that means the fbi got me 🐱
 🐱 whats her name?	 you into her? i gotchu her name is hannah
 lol no i just need to k her name so i can meme her 🐱 🐱	 oh dear lord oh fuk she's actually a sophomore
 lol do u k where she's from?	 ny
 that's not too far
l	 what are you implying...
 :) maybe you could go teach her chess insert your rook into her castle	 castle is a move otherwise rooks and castles can be considered the same lol
 ya ik and rooks participate in castles	 are ya implying i should stick mah dic into her dic? 🐱
 🐱 whateva ur into man i wont judge	 wanna work on botball tomorrow during b block?
 what day is it	 now that you're outta "overscheduled" hell? day 1 i believe abegf *abefg
 ya sure	 got any good song recs? that aren't techno or electronic lol
 lol depends what kinda mood ur in	 idk what mood catkin_make failed i'm in a bad mood now 🐱
 🐱 if you want some mellow music that's somewhat edgy https://youtu.be/u2kc8wswjq8 provided to youtube by sony music entertainment arsonist's lullabye · hozier from eden ep ℗ 2014 rubyworks, under license to columbia records, a division of ... that's only for occasional moods tho late at night	 it already sounds incredible edgy lol oh wait, this is gay church man
 if u want something less edgy may i recommend the black keys	 tighten up not bad thanks man
 tighten up, lonely boi, black submarines, howlin for you, gold on the ceilijng are the ones i like	 i notice tighten up seems to be a slightly angsty love song 🐱
 ya well so are like all the songs i listen to 🐱 the music video is pretty funny	 yeh it really was lol ppl are starting to do promposals btw
 oh really? who	 you'll see haha really hoping i land a job by may now so i'll have a good excuse not to go
 🐱 wait wdym i'll see?	 nah i mean someone already promposed so that's why i said ppl are starting to do them i don't think i should ruin the surprise by telling ppl before the two ppl going to prom do are ya still going to ask jenn?
 no idea	 got sent back to arctic monkeys by youtube lol aight what happens if you go alone?
 nothing a few ppl did last yr	 lol read that as "you're nothing" > what happens if you go alone?

> you're nothing
 🐱 wow perception is reality i guess do u k who you're gonna ask?	 ha nope like i said, get a job, don't go, get paid
 but isn't prom on a weekend	 may 30th is a wednesday i think
 oh welp	 ay lmaoo let's both get jobs and become employed losers
 #corporatelife	 you could ask aiaydiah still can't believe she memes me does she know enough about me to properly meme me or is it just weak sauce https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5fjeljnm0s 'so familiar' is the first single off of ceramic animal's second full length album. ceramic animal upcoming shows: www.ceramicanimalmusic.com/watch/ ceramic ... shiz man this ain't bad
 wut why does he sound just like alex turner	 ikr boggles my mind it ain't bad doe apparently the band is from philly
 they're ok tho a bit too mellow imo	 says the guy who's into gay church yelling man
 ok but that's like if you're in the mood ceramic animals is like in between arctic monkeys and that	 that sounds amazing actually
 lol they have a song called edgy but it wasn't even that edgy :/	 are you seeking edges now?
 nah just the title lied to me if its called edgy it better be a sharp-ass edge	 lol are you feeling extra angsty lately?
 kinda high school is almost over its crazy to think about it	 man you're really hung up on this huh? were you like this for middle school? do you not like the passage of time (our most valuable and powerful resource?)
 nah no one likes middle school i mean looking back do you ever wish that *more* had happend	 yeh of course lol like all artists i think all my work sucks ass but that's why i'm fine with doing more and letting time take its course as i continue to create do you just wish you did more things?
 well yes but like more in terms of i wish life could have thrown more excitement into high school not focused on what i've worked on in hs but just like the general experience of being an adolescent is almost over and its been kinda boring lol	 are you sad since you've never had a girlfriend? 🐱 to put it a bit blunt excitement never comes to you only tragedy does just like opportunities, you must seek out excitement what do you mean by more excitement in high school?
 🐱 tragedy is fine too to be honest i just wish i had experienced more of life from this lense had more opprotunitites to develop as a person	 do you not like who you are rn? and i don't think you should ever wish tragedy upon yourself lol
 well	 well how about i put it this way:
rn i believe time well spent is time spent on:
friends
family
learning
creation
enjoying what the world and life can give to you in the fullest (a nice meal, the quiet pitter patter of a sunday rainy afternoon, seeing a bright full moon, ...)
 ya i also enjoy and want to spend time on those things but what i mean is i wish my life was a bit more interesting lol and also i feel like it would be better for me in the long run if i had some more challenges in my life now that i had to struggle to overcome	 i've never heard of someone wanting to make it harder for them to live life  haha so basically you want to experience more hardships to build more "character"? become more than just a guy from a normal place, living a normal life?
 well to be fair i guess i wouldn't k if i would actually want these things since i can't imagine what it would be like, so i might just being super naive but ya i feel like life is too boring without that many struggles	 i feel like you might be thinking of life too much as a story
 idk i feel like i kinda wished i would have more of a story to tell from my high school years jinx yes i def am	 dead on huh lol idk about you but i define my years based on what i made life isn't always a structured story with a beginning conflict, climax, resolution and conclusion man i actually think the big lebowski really showed that well it's a story that's more about life than most movies the dude doesn't change that much from his "story" he's still the same guy not everything you go through is supposed to alter who you are as a person and seeking that out doesn't guarantee it either maybe you need to take up a sport, i've been contemplating asking my pops to teach me martial arts
 ah ya i wish i learned martial arts ya ik life isn't always like that, that's why i'm kinda wishing it was lol but it hasn't been	 what did you want to happen lol
 no idea its kinda an irrational desire	 you fight and chase down the boston bomber and then have a romantic arc that ends with a melancholic kiss as your love interest leaves and or dies?
 well for example i think i told you this, in elementary / middle school i wished i could get a limb amputated somehow, so that my life would be interesting and i would have some obstacle i could struggle through and ocercome a bit extreme also having a metal leg seemed cool	 "dear santa, this year for xmas i want to become crippled"
 🐱	 the idea might be cool but we both don't know the actual struggles ppl like that to through
 ya that's what i kinda realized	 it might trivialize their struggles if they ever meet a dude who wants to lose their limb just cuz they wanna experience more. basically don't ever say this to a crippled person 🐱 i think you might be confusing wanting to live a fuller life with more grander highs and heavier lows with wanting to experience hardship and pain
 maybe i mean i'll take the grander highs but the heavier lows are the things i have yet to experience	 really? have you ever felt like welp shit this is the worst thing i've ever experienced/felt
 ya but i also know that it's nothing compared to what actual suffering is like in life like the hardships i've had to overcome are hard but practically nothing when u put it into perspective i kinda wished i had the opportunity to experience more, both super high and super low, during my high school years there's something different about being a growing kid and experiencing these, and experiencing them as like a middle age man	 i can assure you it doesn't matter how old you are, no one ever wants to remember their super lows instead of focusing on the future and remembering the past i think you might want to focus more on the present since you can never tell when the good old days will be over
 hmm i feel like there comes a time where you will gladly remember your super lows and appreciate them for pushing you to become a better person maybe that's too optimistic	 i don't think ppl who survived the atomic bombs ever thanked that they experienced that
 that's kinda what i want. i would be fine with my life being harder now if it means i grow to b a better person as a result well ok i mean personal struggles not things like atomic bombs you don't grow as a person from being pounded with radiation	 the hulk did 🐱
 🐱	 yeh i see what you mean you want to become a better person and you think that you need to experience hardships in order to do that but idk how true that is sure ppl like ghangis khan experienced a shit ton of hardships and became a better ruler and warrior but then you also have ppl like steve jobs who was kinda homeless and unemployed and kinda friendless but that didn't make him into a better person
 it probably helped inspire him to innovate tho	 he wasn't the person who innovated first lol that only happened after his grand high with the apple two a big question i think you might want to ask yourself is, do you fully appreciate what you have and experienced so far, truly appreciate it all so that you can wholeheartedly say that you don't think it all wasn't enough! *?
 no, probably not i mean i'm really thankful for the things that have happened that have led me to where i am today but i always have the feeling it could have been better. not better in the usual way but better as in more interesting, more facets of life i couls have experienced, more opportunities for me to develop	 you know ppl tend to want to better their current selves and not their past selves 🐱
 and honestly this is a bit selfish but also comes down to me wanting to live an interesting life, one that sticks out and is worth remembering. probably "remarkable" would be the best word	 well let me put it kind of blunt, time is the most valuable and most limited resource we have, despite it being boundless. and because of that we can only do so much with it, there is a really could chance that you could not have experienced more even if you wanted to. you might even have to exchange certain experiences for the ones you want
 ya, i mean none of this has any bearing for the present since i'm jus talking about me wishing some things could have been	 i like how this all comes back to you wanting to be remembered
 looking forward tho i do want to experience life more and explore rather than focusing and pursuing singular goals and ya pretty much lol. that's a common theme for me i guess	 idk if this is a downer or not, but no one remembers the nice april day that alexander the great spent hanging out with his buds and having the must fun in his life. instead, ppl remember his military conquers and achievements but do you know who remembers that day? and cherished that day to their death? alexander the great did
 ya but i mean he did both lol	 yeh of course he did lol but your point of being remembered is a bit contradicting your goal of not focusing on singular goals. ppl are only remembered for their singular goals and achievements
 if you had to choose between leading a life full of experiences and happy moments but die with little consequence, or a life that's bittersweet and miserable at times, but leave the world a much better and changed placr	 yeh i know you would choose the second one lol we talked about this before i think
 i vividly remember this interview of musky, where he basically said his life is pretty miserable and lonely when someone asked him "what do you say to those ppl who want to be like you"

he said "i'm not sure that i want to be me"	 yeh, you may want it now but when you're there you may not want it anymore
 ya... but i guess the point of it is choosing against being happy in order to do some big positive good for the world so obviously in the entire process one would be miserable yet something drives musky to keep doing it, cuz he feels like it needs to be done	 it's not binary dude, you can be happy and accomplish great things at the same time
 ya ik i mean that would've the dream obviously	 i think musky has clearly failed in that aspect
 i'm just thinking about what if u had to sacrifice one well it's also hard to find a comparison for musky who did succeed in that i guess bill gates	 this is becoming intensely hypothetical lol, what conclusion are you trying to make? it seems like you're trying to get down to one yeh gates seems to have done it his foundation has basically destroyed polio and he's not losing any sleep or sanity doing it i think either path are both equal and valid sure you can say one is more selfish than the other but in the end who's going to know
 ya i feel like there will come a point in the future where this question will be less hypothetical and more real like should i spend the next year pouring all my time into this startup or should i spend it studying abroad and experiencing the world etc. these choices are coming soon our decisions will determine if we get chapter 6a, 6b, 6c, or 6d	 yeh no shit lol but it ain't gonna be as black and white as if i don't suffer i'm not going to change the world life isn't as simple as a story from a game, movie, book, etc there's always more than can be feasibly recorded
 ye	 i have no doubt in my mind that cmu said nah because of my gpa but do i give a fuck? nah who cares i'm still going to get to point whatever anyway if you want to make it happen then go for it, it's not going to be as simple as getting through x chapters and making x choices and sure there's the very real possibility that you won't get there but so what there's always something else to do, some of which might be better than what you aimed for originally but you're not going to know that until you do it no one will unless you're a time traveler aight, it's starting to get late lol ya feeling less angsty and more do-y? you got a pass?
 oh nope	 can you get me one for b block? tell meh when u got one pls
 ya sure	 where should we meet up so you can hand it off to me
 i'm gonna be getting to school in the next 30 min	 ayyy
 🐱	 🐱 that's when a block ends lol i got you a pass just meet me at physics where u at man
 oh thanks i just got here ok i'm hanging outside physics like a creep i'm at the balcony tables now	 kkkk
 oh are you going on that japan trip?	 i can barely afford the parts to an electric skateboard
 lol so no?	 depends idk the huge bonus to the japan trip is that i would be able to get my hands on japan exclusive humanoids and servos since the robot hobbiest scene is bigger there they got more resources
 lol wouldn't japan cost more than europe tho in terms of trips	 yeh but servos
 do u have enough money for that lol	 no but you can always get kicked out of a country once i'll just bring your stuff in b block 🐱 or you can pick it all up after school you awake yet?
 just woke up lol can i grab it during b block?	 yeh but you should get to school quick then b block doesn't last that long today
 oh shit when does it end	 ends at 8:20
 ok	 when you gonna be dere?
 probably around 8:05	 sounds good
 are you at ur house currently?	 yup you could just go to my house and then that way i don't need to carry all your shiz 🐱 jk don't worry about it
 ya i will	 dude i did some more research on skateboards i'm basically a skater now i can hang with the kool kids
 🐱	 i also think it's very possible to make an automated skateboard with steering, the tricky part is making it so that it can be automated turning or manual turning i'll show you some diagrams of the trucks and the decks later
 lol ok i do think automatic turning would be a bit dangerous if ur crossing a road lol	 built-in manual override ez
 ok i'll be there in a few minutes	 nioce
 here	 kkkkkkk my stomach is actually killing me maybe it's from the ab workouts
 ? shit what hapoened	 #i'msohumble
 oh lol 🐱	 humblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumble
 hum hum hum hum hum ble ble ble ble ble	 aight, if we're actually going to do this skateboard i'mma start doing research on parts and how other ppl made theirs
 lol ok. when would we work on it tho	 i'll make a folder and share it it's a project so we can just work on it whenever we want lol
 we already have a folder lol	 we do? welp now we have a folder in a folder lol maybe we'll make more stuff in the future
 lol ya	 i think i might get a penny board for reference want one?
 a what?	 it's a type of skateboard cheap and small but same basic parts i'm so hip now
 lol i think one is enough for now how much are they	 https://www.google.com/search?safe=strict&rlz=1c1chbf_enus722&ei=imsewsswgom1ggeo7qc4aw&q=cheap+penny+board&oq=cheap+penny+board&gs_l=psy-ab.3..0i67k1j0i7i30k1l2j0l6j0i67k1.12010.12776.0.13046.6.6.0.0.0.0.141.721.0j6.6.0....0...1c.1.64.psy-ab..0.6.718...0i13k1.0.ipyr-2lxi-s  ranged from like 7 bucks to 180 🐱 7 bucks it issssssss i just made a parts research doc
 ok do u wanna be social and grab lunch lol	 i'm at rwdc lol i can grab lunch after an hour we can hang out at my house if you want later para social activities
 lol ok	 where u at  you missed a call from foxy roxy.
 oh shit sorry i went to get food with jerome we're at toscanos	 lol i'm in the botball room rn
 ok do u wanna come?	 nah working on chad rn you going to come back to the school later? if so, got an eta?
 ya like in 15 min do u want any food?	 nah i'm aight where u at
 taking a dump	 bruh
 🐱	 stop prestalking me i'm taking a piss wait which bathroom
 by the gym	 we need to conserve water 🐱
 🐱	 i'm going to go to the junkyard and scavenge for parts apparently it's free actually wait bad idea if i use anything from there i would have make sure it's safe lol
 lol would there be anything at the junkyard worth scavenging	 no lol
 yo roy do you mind sending me your physics notes :d	 lost mine lol
 lmao do u have ur textbook?	 not sure where it is
 welp	 the snow didn't come fuk quick, turn off your heaters and turn on your fans we got this
 wait what the snow is coming tomorrow night	 🐱
 🐱	 botball for winblock and d block?
 ya sure wait actually i need to finish an english reading but it should take like 20 min	 i'll get you passes lol during c block jk can't find him
 ok ghanks oh eh i czan get out of winblock without one i think i have mrs.decamp	 wait i got them where u at you get money to make a protoype bruh where dat cash come from
 lol	 where u at
 taking the bus home	 boring
 i live so far from downtown :'(	 max is blowing up shit you're missing out
 lol wut what's happening	 look at the swobo in boston chat
 oh ya i saw instant cold ones	 you wanna go to japan?
 well it will depend on when, how long and price but ya focusing on those experiences before college 👌 ive never actually been to anywhere in asia except china	 that's like every parameter for the trip lol
 although i most likely won't do both europe and japan unless this 6 fig salary works out lmao	 i wonder if we could test the skateboard in the streets of japan ez plz six gigs figs
 lol	 that snow day is looking strange
 ya quick turn on the fans	 grab all the dust removers and start spraying them into the air
 🐱	 🐱 i wonder if one could skateboard on snow is there a sci oly thing today? i never got the rest of the hovercraft tests lol
 which ones did u get	 chris parsons oh man maybe we should've made a skateboard earlier so you would have a nice and easy form of transport around winchester
 i think that's it for tests lmao	 alright he's in lol
 🐱	 ez pz
 also wut is this musi app	 idk but it's useful
 wait is this the actual app	 it's basically a shitty youtube but you get no audio adds that interrupt the video and you can turn off your screen and save battery and have it playing while using other apps capacity: 110lbs shit i'm more than that lol no wonder that skateboard is cheap
 lol "if you deliver musi a attempt, please let us know what you think of it in the feedback"	 lmao i never got that stuff i think wonder why actually instead of wasting money buying a regular skateboard it might be more cost efficient to just dive into it plus any machining we "need" to get done during the school year cuz i can't think of anywhere else we could get access to a drill press w/o costing money lol
 hmm what do u mean exactly by "dive into it"	 get the parts, build an electric longboard, see how that works and then start making mods i know we can build a usable one for ~400 and then the parts can be resused need we find out we can't use the same exact setup (btw there's a webassign due rn)
 oh shit right	 do you mind if i just buy the parts and everything and just build a basic electric skateboard
 lol wait are you sure you want to rush into this these parts are pretty expensive	 i just really want to work on something physical lol yeh but i already have the tools and i think my skills can handle this kind of stuff fine
 there's also a reason you don't have money lol ok hmm can we just go over the whole project tomorrow after school	 money is useless if you don't spend it
 talk about budget and goals etc.	 the budget is whatever i can find in my room 🐱
 lol this is why you would be the perfect cro	 i'd rather be poor and have all the parts in the world than be rich and have no parts
 well	 exactly
 or you can be not poor and have the right parts	 the right parts are not always the coolest parts but yeh sure we can go over shiz tomorrow lol do you guys still need me for the sci oly meeting
 nah its fine i have to work out with tanishk tomorrow, which would go until like 4, then i'm free b/w 4 and 6 before mun more like 4 and 5:45	 sure 🐱 i can't leave school with only two measly snow days doe this is outrageous
 my fans been blasting out the window all afternoon its not working	 yo i feel this is bullshit i'll try leaving my freezer open and see how that works
 🐱 btw how do u find the total length i have the displacement in radians	 jenn has pics of my work why the fuck are there donuts filters are the dumbest thing in existence
 lol ohhh ic i gruesomely overthought this question	 the radian value is ridiculous lol wait, new budget idea what if we just casually steal from open institutes like mit and harvard but not from cheetah man
 uh i dont think that will end well	 as a fellow leg man i understand his troubles and cannot betray a fellow brother ok new new budget, what if just use up all our money to make something that will give us more joy than that money ever will (except for food, shelter, and warmth) jk the motor and batteries and esc can generate warmth and if it's raining you can use the deck as shelter and if you're hungry, just eat the battery, energy transfer at its finest conservation of energy i'm a fucking genius
 holy shit mit and i share the same bday lmaoo its a sign	 i'm surprised that you of all people don't know when mit was founded and i suggest to stop any superstitious bullshit you're going to put yourself through in an attempt to irrationally make yourself feel better/good about decisions lol that stuff is wack and bad for your mental health but on a much brighter note, snowday!  i fucked up and went back to sleep wasted half of my day
 welp i spent it browsing youtube and then helping with shoveling 3 trees toppled over lol	 holy shit how ripped did you get?! shoveling toppled trees geez, arnold schwarzenegger over here
 🐱	 my ass hurts so much
 also check out the amazing culture of your fatherland https://youtu.be/mvkelqduxzg stand with ted: http://www.tedcruz.org follow ted: http://twitter.com/tedcruz like ted: http://fb.com/tedcruzpage donate: http://tedcruz.org/donate	 wait this song actually isn't bad time to add this to my playlist
 🐱	 when do you wanna talk "budget"
 hmm	 nice time lol
 lol	 you down for any time? otherwise i'mma start buying parts and building forgive the call but i'm curious  you missed a call from foxy roxy. you might be more hard to contact than i am 🐱
 oh shit sorry my phone was out of battery for a while uh wanna call at 8:30?	 yeh sure i was about to buy parts doe 🐱 all the companies at massrobotics also wanted sophomore+ college students fuk i'm going to cold email a shit ton of companies and startups by this saturday
 shit wait i just realized i have 2 mun calls now and at 9	 bruh eh don't worry about it i think i finished up the parts doc you can take a look anytime you want i'll just spend the rest of the night studying probs wait why are there two mun calls lol how does that work
 one with the officers one with other ppl	 ew 🐱 i finished up the initial research on electric skateboards so i think we've got the knowledge to build one the list holds all the commonly used parts, motors, batteries, esc, etc we can talk about dimensions and price and stuff, which will help narrow down what we want to use if the parts already in the doc don't work then we can easily find other stuff, the stats just have to line up like the cells, operating amperage, etc but we should do stuff soon since free shipping for some of these stuff can take up to 20 days companies don't talk to other companies right? i hope i don't get infamous in the robotics community as that highschool kid who cold emailed everyone for a job lol
 lol	 still in a mun meeting? no physics fr tomorrow btw
 you'll probably get like 15% of emails viewed and like 3% responses just from mahacks cold emailing experience	 you can see if people viewed your email?! i'm going to email around 40 places so 3% means i'll get one response lol fuk
 i was also emailing asking for sponsorship you might get more replies if your looking for an internship	 🐱 i'm just going to be using up their resources holy shit we could turn using a pulley system my god i just thought it up this could work! it's non direct so it could allow for manual turning!!!!!!!!! you down for d block botball today?
 ya we can also talk about skateboard then	 are you at the school rn?
 i'm also free a and b block ya	 kkkkk i'll be there after i take a shower lol
 jk i'm at your house now	 wait are you srs lol
 no lol	 you can come over if you want but then we'll have to walk back to oh
 but it would be totally believable if was lol roys house? ok i'm in the caf in my usual spot	 kkkkkk 🐱 can ya open the beck door next to the cad lab where u at mann  foxy roxy called you.
 i couldn't get the pass bc k isn't here i just forged it lol	 lol where you at i'm in the hallway
 coming	 oh wait i have a strict study hall teacher lol i'm on the grand staircase rn
 oh	 it worked lol
 🐱	 how much trouble do we get in if we get caught lol there are way too many ppl here 🐱 oh btw if we're serious about this skateboard we should just allocate more time to it even if those days are sporadic i'll send you my schedule for the next couple of months i want to die
 🐱 🐱 enjoy weeb night man drown your sorrows in underage girls and nosebleeds	 lol thanks man got a waitlist btw
 ah	 i see you're typing a lot
 eh i think the life in a barn suits you lol	 if it's comfort stuff i'm fine lol ayyyy that's what i wanna hear
 lol nah man how many u still hearing back from?	 like a shit ton lol stacy comes out today but that's a nah 3pm how does waitlist work? i thought you had to choose a place by may 1st but buzz's waitlist stuff comes out by june so do you just put a deposit down and then if you get off the waitlist you say fuk it to the other school and don't go?
 ya i think so some people's waitlists come out really late like kelvin's brother apparently got into harvard in like august lol	 bruh wut that's just asking for troublel lol
 it was prbably like some last minute drop out for harvard idk. but harvard probably could pull off that type of shiz lol	 i feel like before i would've been troubled by how that whole thing is so random but now i understand it 🐱 oh yeh can we work on the skateboard just weekly? don't like put it above your stuff but what about spending some free days along the week to doing it, like tuesday or wednesday
 that should be good, just after sci oly states tho	 🐱
 woah i love this song so much https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozdixvdu4p0 gente, dejo esta canción, una de mis tantas favoritas :) lyrics: slow down, you crazy child. you're so ambitious for a juvenile. but then if you're so smart,... this is the perfect song for when ur feelin stressed and burned out the lyrics are what i need	 are you feeling stressed and burned out? holy shit i'm actually getting waitlisted everywhere this is actually pretty funny maybe i can get the record for the most waitlists wait i actually want that that would be a hella good story to tell
 well at least you know you won't be a stacy cuck living underground also for that to happen you would have to be close to the most number of schools applied probably	 someone got waitlisted 7 times i bet i could beat that ez pz that vienna lyrics fit you pretty well rn lol *those are you feeling fine after all that contemplation lol
 lol wdym also i'm at a family event so my response is gonna be sporadic	 geezus how many family events do you have
 every weekend	 that's insane sometimes i don't interact with my folks until the weekend
 🐱 it's mainly with family friends	 ahh correct me if i'm wrong and i'm sure we've had this conversation before but i'm genuinely surprised by the amount of people who have been doing stuff for college wait more important question how the fuck would one fund a product that isn't meant to be a product self funded crowd funding (but they won't get a product) i don't want to sell it to a specific person hmmmm maybe i should ask philanthropists i accidently went back to reddit but they're really giving me new outlooks on life for example: "if i did what i wanted to all the time i'd sit on reddit and doodle. succeeding in college and in life isn't just about passion, it's also about dedication. i don't hate engineering, but i don't live and breathe it like some people. i've still worked hard to be where i am today." that was in response to someone who was ranting about ppl who did stuff for the sole purpose of putting stuff on their app http://robotics.oregonstate.edu/robot-operating-system oregon state university is proud to be the primary hosting site for ros, the robot operating system. ros is a flexible open-source framework for writing robot software. it is a collection of tools, libraries, and conventions that aim to simplify the task of creating complex and robust robot behavior... osu hosts ros?! what the fuck ok, i actually underestimated their robotics lab ok fuck every other school now "example student projects:

create several prototype robot feet, and advise on control methods to incorporate foot.
help with testing and experimentation of cassie outdoors and indoors.
begin initial design effort for new arms for cassie 3, in cooperation with graduate students. 
incorporate decision-making algorithms with real-time robot dynamics, to enable footstep planning and balancing at the same time." jonathon hurst you beautiful man wait why are all my clocks fucked up you at the school rn?
 ya	 could you get the back door in like 2 min
 ye sure	 do you still plan on coming here tonight?
 are u guys at maxes house?	 nah my house ye or nah? r u going to max's?
 no i'm still doing sci oly lol at the lib	 so you can't help out with build stuff?
 not currently i might be able to come later	 kkkkk it's depressing
 welp how goes it so far?	 i wanna die magnet, ir, levers, coin flip, the end you got an eta?
 not sure how much building would we be able to get done?	 jk it's 9 pm and i'm still searching for proper ir libraries lol
 🐱	 boi
 do u think it's worht it for me to come	 alright at least we know the basic setup now i mean if you really want if someone else is here i'll be willing to work until midnight otherwise it's cold and depressing and ptsd from previous years
 lol ok we can grind it out on thurs	 ok, so then i'll close up shop for today then oh, oregon just sent me a letter telling me i'm in their honors college they really are keeping my moral afloat lol
 noicee the barn is calling	 🐱 at least i won't be in debt shit how does one raise their motivation?
 hmm i'm still tryna answer that same question watch this when you ir someone you know feels down! dedicated to collin.	 lol thanks man perfect motivator probs should catch some z's holy shit there's so much snow
 ya ikr i wish this happened next week tho	 don't think i can even open my window why next week?
 or just not this week cuz sci oly states prep	 cuz of sci oly?
 and also i'm going into boston tomorrow to show swobo round	 holy shit my basement is freezing i can't even move my fingers that well down here when do you wanna talk about skateboard parts? i just realized that i should dress warmer rn cold air kills my lung yeh it's pretty sad that you can't show swobo around
 hmm idk maybe later in the afternoon?	 let's put a hard number on it lol how does 3pm sound?
 it will depend on jason cuz i need to do a game on practice give me a min	 wait you're doing that rn?
 at some pt today	 do you have your schedule figured out lol
 nope waiting on jason	 if he almost died walking to david's he might actually die walking through this blizzard
 nah it will be fine also i'll probably go to his house	 you're going to die
 ehh it was gonna happen anyways	 don't say shit like that lol
 psh it's true lol	 super edgy just shoveled you ready?
 let's do 4	 🐱 "approximately 25 percent of college freshmen/hs grads are virgins before entering college"
 dafuq that's lower than i thought statistically only one of the bois is a virgin :'(	 probably me :'(
 🐱 i think all of us are man hey ppl should be thanking us. we are the statistical reason a bunch of other ppl got laid 🐱	 i bet max is a slayer and that is kinda sad lol
 lol	 i haven't even gone to a party with alcohol not to even mention drugs
 well same	 ha loswer jk me too :'( i just realized 4 passed a while ago would you be mad if i just made a prototype we're just dragging our feet right now
 nah i mean i just don't want to spend a whole lot of money without being very clear about our objectives	 the first objective is to make a regular (biggish) electric skateboard i mean you wouldn't have to spend any money if i just tackled it rn i also really want to start something to get me out of this depressive slump i find myself in when i got the oregon honors college and saw that it was from them my first thought was "fuck, what did i do to get rescinded so fast" i'm not in a good mindset rn *got the letter my second thought was maybe they were taking away the scholarship offer are you free at 6? i need to shovel more snow rn
 ya sorry im just a bit swamped in sci oly work and mahacks stuff and ramping up independent study, plus theres some family things i need to do. so i'm a bit unsure of starting a new project. at least i haven't given it as much brainspace as i should have and thats why im kinda procrastinating ordering parts cuz i wanna make sure its something i can dedicate enough time to	  foxy roxy called you. i'll let you know when i first wipe out on the skateboard 🐱
 🐱	 and it's not "life-coaching" it's called being friends lol fuck stephen hawking just died
 ya ik :/ lmaooooo forever a problem for engineers there's a bunch of legged robots here they also have lots of moving sculpturws	 since the robots were made under funds from mit marc raibert couldn't keep them :'( that phantom circuit board is a real problem i got waitlisted again by northeastern lmaooo
 :/	 4 waitlists 3 more and i'll be tied i can do this ez pz
 which ones?	 all the ones that came out saturday and now today anyway instead of being indifferent i've become more accepting also this video from trending on oregon helped (it just randomly showed up) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxrblyqq78a based on actual events. more or less. credits: written and produced by wieden + kennedy animation by psyop & sun creatures studio performed by oregon symphon... even if i don't end up there in the end oregon will forever be my wonderland
 that's good honestly tho you would be perfect at oregon	 lol no need for those kinds of words
 your skills are way above average so u would be the big fish there	 that's a huge lie
 and easily get that legged robot opportunity	 jonathon hurst is there you think my skills can compare to his
 i meant out of the students	 and mikhail barn-man jones?!
 your not competing with professors lol who dat	 barn-man
 oh right bruh they're professors / peoffessionals i meant among students	 nah, never overestimate yourself
 you would really stand out. and then ez pz path to agility robotics	 the moment i do that, is the moment i become satisfied with my skills and that's a deathtrap
 nah your not overestimating urself. i am just telling u fuck whats the word for like just right estimating is it just "estimating"	 i don't think there is one lmao
 well i'm just-right-estimating u lmao i'm not saying be content with ur skills, but being at oregon you would definitely stand out and it's an easy opportunity to work on legged robots that u can't find anywhere else	 yeh you're right about that i haven't really liked to ponder this sentiment but it is very true that there could only one major opportunity there being that of hursts' lab and company but then again that's true for basically every place fuking marc raibert becoming a silent business ceo 🐱 alright i just settled that worry way too quickly lol
 lol ya that's why when i say oregon is perfect for you it's not some cheesy comfort shit. looking at the alternative options, i feel there isn't one better suited for you to do what u want to do in the future	 i'm starting to think more about it and i'm starting to realize that it's probably one of the only places to pursue moving nature sculptures actually wait yeh the woods of oregon there's no way anyone would loot or damage a robot i set loose in there if anything at night ppl would be terrified wait shit dude i could actually whoa wait this realization is a lot to handle i could transform oregon into a world of untamed robots alright i know my next big bit project now wait would that be considered littering congrats dude
 thankssss	 sorry about the late personal congrats i was on a run lol you're there now man!!! so then what's next
 lol no problem no idea i haven't fully processed it yet	 i'm starting to feel like our convos are starting to loop in on themselves lol i think that's the same phrasing from harvard actually this must help with your motivation now right?
 ya i think i just have similar reactions to the two things how r u feelin?	 the oregon project is more on my mind than whatever is left i think if i'm going to make a robot that can live and walk in the wild for long periods of time it needs to be able to turn into a ball
 or just have a rest state right or do u want it to be able to move in the ball	 the ball so that when it rains or snows then it can curl up and nothing will be damaged (electronics, joints)
 oh ya but it can be just like a scrunched up cube like the killer dog in black mirror	 moving in a ball maybe if the terrain is ez pz or too hard lmao geezus christi this thing is meant for ppl to better appreciate and be more comfortable with robots there is no roboticist out there who can relate to how the general public sees robots, i can guarantee that doesn't help that sci fi is slowly turning back to a state of fear mongering
 ya tho black mirror does that with almost every technology most of the time it's wearable tech of some sort that they're fear mongering	 yeh cuz that shits dangerous mannn 🐱
 🐱	 actually what do you think about ai learning in real time and in real environments
 wdym	 ai and robots are always in controlled environments rn the closest we get to testing is maybe a walk outside or letting the program try something in a different room but what if we take it and pit it as nature would just shove it all into the deep end i think the tech has come to a point where they're robust enough to handle tumbles and slips
 ai is everywhere man it's already learning in real time unless your talking about just robots with ai	 i meant in the actual wild and robots specifically fucking spitting numbers on a screen for some banker ain't cool
 oh ya i have no idea about ai robots well also like all ur web searches, all ur tailored ads	 that stuff has a more intrinsic part of being more seamless i think it's meant to just work and direct people what about the things that are supposed to pop out and change people and i don't mean bullets popping out of a nozzle and changing ppl from alive to dead lol thanks man
 isn't that what robots for arent u guys funded by *t h e  d a r k. s i d e* the militaryyyyyyyyy mmmmmmmmmmhmmmmmmm	 remote operating ballistic omnipotent tactical-killer, that's what robot stands for i'm still miffed by that lady fuking fearing tech that she doesn't understand which i guess makes sense but cmon are you still out on the night with the bois?
 nah i'm on the way back	 fuk i think i over did it i was running for two hours without my glasses running through snow piles and whatever and getting lost around winchester or wherever i was but now my calves hurt so badly fuuuuuuu also you down for a super long grind for sci oly tomorrow?
 ya. i will have to take a break in the middle to say goodbye to swobo cuz it's his last day but ya and even longer grind session on friday oh shit i also need to do a bunch of practices tho for other events	 welp shit lol dude when ben and i tried yesterday night we were just completely wiped out it was cold and depressing
 what happened? oh	 yeh you know how there's studies about workers in office jobs living the corporate life being miserable and underperforming 🐱 i kind of know what's that's like first hand now
 🐱 welp	 there was at one point we were sitting around freezing our asses off and i asked ben to pass the pliers but it was dropped mid transfer and just plopped and in my mind i just thought "wow so this is what it feels like to die creatively and motivationally" i tried to grab it and missed well it could be worse i could be making stuff in a barn 🐱 do you think i should take those waitlists? at this point i kinda don't believe in those other schools anymore
 ya u shoukd i mean always maximize ur options it doesn't hurt to	 for a second there i forgot who i was talking to lol mr. "i want every option in the world including ones at hospitals" jk, just messing with ya yeh you're right wait dude one thing even if we end up at the opposite sides of the country we're still going to meme right? 🐱 jk jk, idk you're actually probably one of the very few people i know who i can talk and relate to on a more deep level in terms of what we want to achieve and create in life and not to mention i feel like we can work rather well together that's pretty rare, even in college and beyond holy fuck that was sappy no homo to the max
 gayyyyyyyyyyyyyy ya i actually completely agree bruh ofc were gonna meme no matter where we are	 you're gay, i'm not gay >>>:(((((
 how else am i gonna make fun of all your hopes and dreams 🐱	 🐱 ayyy i'll keep you updated on every crashed robot and every girl that i don't understand :'(
 lol same, for every startup i fail and every girl that either hates me or is mentally insane also it would be sicc to work on a startup together, during or past college tho our interests kinda differ in terms of fields	 of fucking course it'll be sicc! and nah i feel like our fields are easily molded together plus as long as i can fund my personal projects (art robots in the wild) i'll be down to pursue other ventures at the same time we'll keep each other updated
 yeeee high schools not over yet tho	 and we aren't cool enough to ride skateboards yet
 yet	 fuk
 🐱	 🐱 tru, alright, i need to go rest my calves and study for dem tests tomorrow lmaoo cya man! we're gonna make the future also, there have been a couple ppl who have been bummed out a bit after this wave of stuff and i've been telling them this message that i came to when running i thought it's something that's good to know and perhaps you'll find it useful too "it's not about the institutions that accept you. what is truly valuable are the people around you who accept you and believe in you, believing that you will do great things. and for you to do those great things you must also believe in yourself" you wanna work on botball today? or nah? i have a psych test g block
 nah i have a latin test g block as well	 🐱
 🐱	 there are so many kids vaping rn like bruh i'm trying to take a shit btw when are we meeting up to finish the build shit? just meet up at the cafe directly after school?
 not sure cuz i have to do 3 other events which ones do we still need done?	 mission possible 🐱 someone mentioned elina took helicopters and viv has mousetrap so it's just this hell of an event left
 .have u checked in on their progress?	 🐱 asked no response yet
 ok	 how ya feeling now? no longer in that slump a while back?
 ya, i think so i'm planning on reimplimenting a structure into my life starting next week after sci oly states i've been kinda just floating through the hours kinda unmotivated / sleeping a lot hbu?	 i feel a lot more concrete on what i want to do now after the last releases kinda like the sense of more solidarity of my cards which seems to be just oregon since the only waitlist i'll probs take is buzz lol but it really motivated me to get off my butt and actually catch up on left over work since it won't matter if i'm a big fish in a small pond if i dont abuse it plus there's no way i can converse properly with the grad kids with my current knowledge i can't even model inverse kinematics properly nor have a made/implemented a proper pid controller yet
 ah the pid controller isn't too hard, we did it at beaverworks you can definitly do it with ur skillset rn	 i wanna make one from scratch
 no idea what a fuckin inverse kinematics is	 electronics and all jk that's properly a waste of my time it's more like i just kinda "use" it but i don't know how it works inside and out. like i've seen videos and read stuff but i never studied it like how i studied boost converters or something some other ppl were feeling down about college stuff so i showed them this https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1prz4hwqesomekjkfcdmeoadepoxlojjbn8npk8ebk-q/edit?usp=sharing sheet1 college name, result, interest level, cost, yes from me?, what i learned olin, no, none, doesn' t matter, no, it really isn' t about where you go caltech, no, none, doesn' t matter, no, it' s about what you create rpi, wait, none, way too much, no, not about where you create georgia ... 1/15 bby i can meme it now
 🐱	 but surprisingly there are less people celebrating than i thought there were hopefully things turn out better for everyone in the end
 ive never seen this before what it didn't load correctly lmao	 i think we should fix your computer what a not memey error message though shame on the programmer who made that
 lol "my dissapointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined. please hold the shift key and click refresh to try again"	 now that's a good error message btw there's a robot who's sole purpose is to teach ppl not to beat up robots what has this world come to
 lol wut	 what savages are our fellow men https://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robotics/robotics-hardware/shelly-robotic-tortoise-helps-kids-learn-that-robot-abuse-is-a-bad-thing shelly is fun to play with, but if you hit it, it'll hide inside its shell until it's safe to come out again
 "robot abuse" thats not a real thing i hope	 https://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robotics/artificial-intelligence/children-beating-up-robot japanese researchers show that children can act like horrible little brats towards robots it's a chaotic and sad world that we live in i mean the ppl in the u.s. fucking decapitated and sold the parts of the hitchhiker bot before it even got past the east coast (it was heading west) however the hitchhiker bot did get through canada fine
 lol wut there was a hitchiker bot	 https://www.cnn.com/2015/08/03/us/hitchbot-robot-beheaded-philadelphia-feat/index.html this is why we can't have nice hitchhiking robots.
 ok well phily is trashy	 i know why the grasp lab never tests outside in philly now
 🐱 i dont think its necessary to be teaching kids about robot abuse tho lol they're just kids they want to take apart things and that's normal	 did you just assume that?! you fucking republican, robo lives matter
 and they won't be surrounded by robots anyways the turtle bot is probably the only robot they will be interacting with lol	 i mean if a kid takes apart little animals that's a sign for a psychopath i think the study was more meant for asian countries esp korea and japan where robots are being deployed in the public way more
 ah	 shelly the turtlebot is from korea the day when we have ppl holding signs saying "robot lives matter" i don't know whether to be sad or happy
 i feel like robots having rights in the future are dumb	 i feel like you're a biggot
 just make robots that aren't sentient and can't suffer	 🐱
 🐱 🐱	 jk i have the sentiment i think they should be on the same level of companionship as a pet having a semblance of what ppl could perceive as sentience but nothing to the point where the robot would want to ask questions like what's its purpose is that would be creepy
 well animals have rights	 you wake up one day, ask your alexa what's the time and she responds, "why does time matter" that's what you think they're just food man 🐱
 wow also random:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbkhhooiin8&list=pln67-vrxpyvhmj6irxipfmitqmvasdycm&index=43 woodstock available now! https://atlantic.lnk.to/woodstockid official video for "feel it still" go to http://feelitstill.com for the full interactive version...	 i think it's more like this
 i can't get this song out of my head, even tho i find the voice who sings it really annnoying	 in a survival situation in which you are low on resources you let the animal die first now if there was a robot there you would let the robot die first, then the animal, and then yourself
 ya	 why did you add it to your playlist then lol oh shiz, that's not that bad
 oh lol did i send u the playlist ye cuz its catchy	 i also would like to live in a future where i could just let my robots run in the wild and not worry about scavengers taking its motors even though that's totally what i would do shit's expensive jk jk, i have respect for ppl's creations
 well theres always gonna be scavengers u just need to teach the robots rad	 but then it'll fall to the *dark side*
 true	 aight, so you're not going to be available for build shit right?
 probably not until late night but i can stay pretty late	 aight party at my house sounds good i also have mathxl due tonight so i need to bang that out first fuk so much for that catching on my work shit lol
 lol shit i have it due tomorrow	 🐱 badtimings
 welp btw let me know if they respond we need to get these build events yo roy where u at?	 doing work also recovering from working out
 lol when are you planning on doing builds? also vivienne has the mousetrap here	 probs 5? how's things going so far? i can't lift my arms anymore where u at bruh
 just finished an experimental design practice	 k i'm at my house now alright ready to grind justin skateboard turning woodshop it exists
 lol wut	 it fucking exists i got no idea if it works or anything but someone made one it doesn't look like it's fully functional and stuff, esp since it didn't look like the wheels were actually motorized i'm going to take a little nap only got 2 hours last night i also just lost my libraries and code so i'm also kinda miffed
 ok sorry i just finished doing my sci oly events and i gotta do game on now with jason roy r u ok welp i hope ur feeling ok at 6 can we stop by your basement to pick up all the build stuff  you called foxy roxy.	 washu in bumfuk nowhere was an l i forget why i applied maybe it'll come back to me later? but did you know that the english 20th century horror painter francis bacon was gay as fuk?! i just remembered that i just woke up again did you give her clean genital hands yet?
 lol yes she said yes	 if she tries to kill you i'll get the katana 🐱 congrats! now you're not a complete loser loner for prom now you can pull a harry have aiyadiah show up at school and intimidate ppl
 lol	 does this mean you're going to her junior prom?
 yup	 wowowow when is that and is there free food so that i may crash it jk jk
 lol	 are you sure you can afford two proms? wait i forgot that you're six figs ez pz are you still awake i know the future people are thinking about what robots _should_ do but they it's actually about what robots _could_ do how was it i also watched the second steve jobs movie that was actually amazing way better than the first one right up there with the social network i think
 i just woke up lol and huh really? which one is the 2nd steve jobs movie	 the better one 🐱 it doesn't try to encapsulate his whole life but rather his growth as a person at each launch of some of his biggest projects and his relationship with people i thought it was actually quite amazing, the dialogue was so good idk how factually accurate it was but it had a great message and lesson
 but which one is the 2nd steve jobs movie lol	 2015 it stars michael fassbender
 oh i thought you already saw that	 nah i saw the first jobs movie, which was meh
 the ashton kutcher one?	 yup yup btw i think by the time we graduate robos should be at the point to be more affordable and useful in real world situations that's the goal not make cool robos but make robos that are going to be revolution how we interact with technology
 hmm wdym isn't that what robots are usually for? i don't think most robots ppl create today are made simply for the purpose of "being cool" (at least not the ones that get funding) 🐱 also apparnetly those alex turner songs are from the same movie: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2xdk4lwbl0 classic trailers subscribe to classic trailers: http://bit.ly/1u43jde subscribe to trailers: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h subscribe to coming soon: http://bit.ly/h2v...	 what the fuck it's a movie?! and also those robots get funding but then never actually get used big dog was funded by the military but then during field testing the marines complained it was too loud and not really worth it there just hasn't been a robot that can really work in the field unhindered or causing a con by its mere presence (the movie also got a higher mediocre score of 7-8)
 also for the build event thing i was kinda hopign for more of a person who can logistically coordinate a bunch of different teams working on the build events not someone who would work on all of the build events at least those were my thoughts when creating the position	 🐱 boi i feel that someone who is logistically coordinate a bunch of different teams is a bit redundant i don't think there's a need for that what would that person do? just tell what each even team what to do?
 no, they would do what regular officers do except with build events and ofc they would also be working on one or two of the build events but basically keep every other build team on schedule	 wait i didn't know that was your vision of the position originally
 and probably handle all the parts ordering	 bruhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh lol sorry, maybe i missed it, i had no idea that's what you thought how this position was supposed to operate
 sci oly club charter:
primarily manages the logistics for build events in the states meet, including cataloging necessary materials, overseeing construction etc.
creating and leading build event teams and ensuring teams are on track
decision power on who, from the build event team, will be on the state's team
helps event officers manage build events at regional meets	 where did this exist? also yeh i can see how this would work correct me if i'm wrong but didn't we have a thing were ppl said what build events they would be interested in? did we just never follow through with that? along with the whole everyone has to work on a build event if they wanna go to states, which i think shouldn't be true anymore
 we scrapped the build event requirement but we had the poll there so you could know who would be interested in which build event probably in the future tho it would be better to have asmaller like 1 -3 person group on each build event	 can we do a call? my fingers/wrist/forearm is killing me for some reason
 welp im not at home rn	 family event right?
 ya im just taking a break in the corner but the room has to be quite *quiet	 ahh i suppose we can discuss later lol i'm sorry dude i just completely dropped the ball on this one are you mad? i understand if you are
 nah im not lol	 when you're chewing out your employees in the future i'll take solace in this moment
 i think maybe it wasn't the best position for you tho and we just need to rethink our approach to build events	 the best position should've been cfo i think it was also just the structure and how build events are treated overall not to mention it seemed like ppl "had" (when they didn't) to come to my basement to work it would be much better if the stuff wasn't stored there but rather ppl could work on the build events anytime they wanted having go to someone's house is a pretty bad restriction it only works in botball since that happens over breaks, but sci oly happens all over the school year i think part of the reason why i fuced up so badly too was just that i didn't really form a solid team or anything i just kinda said if you wanna help just come but then either no one comes or too many ppl comes
 ya i agree idk where we could store materials tho	 the 1-3 ppl who are tackling a single build event can just store their stuff and only their stuff at their houses i suppose that way it's not a centralized place and they can work on it anytime they want and even shift storing places as need be i wonder who could've done this position better this year i just really fell out of it (is that how paul felt lol) i don't think i'm dedicated to this whole thing as i am to other projects, which is probably just all internal probably should've said something at the end of last year to have avoided this fiasco oh man i think that's a huge personal flaw i need to work on, i kinda die whenever i'm not interested in something, be it shopping for clothes or working on a spanish project maybe that's why i told josh that all his projects suck balls and that i want to work on something more interesting every single time i usually got around this by psyching myself out or working with ppl who i enjoy the company of but when it's just myself and something i hate to do that gives no real direct plus to me it all just kinda falls apart perhaps i should've gotten more into the mindset of "it's for the team" but that's hollow when you're just working by yourself my head is so dizzy for being knocked out so long i still can't remember what was a dream and what i actually did anymore btw have you listened to elo? i'm addicted to their songs rn
 only mr.blue sky what other songs are good?	 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdhju_cncze&index=2&list=rds98ugbsnol4 every elo song in this playlist i'll let you know about any robot breakthroughs or ideas in the future in case we still wanna do a startup like this: https://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robotics/robotics-hardware/robot-research-in-the-wild-water-transport-in-rural-india what can we learn from bringing practical robotics to people who have never seen a robot before? i wonder if governments would employ robots that would/could benefit their whole society oh wait the government and military are the "dark side" 🐱 fuking hippie ass shit i think the general public is more scared of robots and ai than they are looking forward to them
 hmm i don't think so, i feel like most ppl are excited, but they also see the potential for people to use them for negative purposes	 i mean the lower class in general don't like the idea of being replaced by robots and the media from movies to news are also painting tech in more negative lights i predict that the overall opinion of tech will continue to decline also if you look at bd's insta all of the comments on the post are 70% ppl actually concerned about the "dark" applications of their robots just finished all this catch up work
 nice well ya i guess but also keep in mind the ppl who are concerned will be a lot more likely to comment than those who arent if i see a bd insta post i'll be like "cool, new robots" but i'm not gonna comment that	 i would argue that the vocal minority is able to push a lot more than the silent majority though
 that's true but in terms of the future market there are probably more ppl willing to adopt the technology than it may seem from instagram comments	 my toilet is too comfortable i need to break free from this comfort trap you know i saw more than just instagram comments lol i didn't form this consensus from just social media posts bruh what do you think i am? a liberal hippi3? 🐱 where u at
 coming but i have fucking trackkkkk at 4	 https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zbul_khrc5nkf4_-l8yjzx3a_h6wuzx-kb99m9y2-uy/edit?usp=sharing
 rip i fell asleep by accident then i realized vara has all the data that we collected	 damn bruh 🐱
 welp btw i think u meant to say "outliers" on 3.c on ur lab instead of "outlines" mahoney shut down online gym :'(	 bruh thx thx on the lab btw
 ye apparently it's only for ppl who physically cann9t take gym or pe	 bruh wow that uh welp you always wanted to lose a limb right duuudeee ashley says she knows ppl wgo do that
 ew what thats disgusting ashley's wierd lol she's just being nice ashley doens't wanna hurt your feelings unlike me :) 🐱	 that's why you're my bro 🐱
 🐱	 lol so much for ai time at da bois house are you actually going to follow that framework schedule or
 i think so. i'm planning on doing some ai work when i get home shit i have like 3 meetings but before and after that	 you also was able to hang out with friends today so i think you should count today as accomplished
 true lol when you say it like that it sounds so sad its like i'm keeping a log book of each day i've hung out with friends and putting a little check mark each time	 you could start doing that
 i just meant i wanted to focus less on work and more with interacting with ppl im not a loser i promise :'(	 lmaooo jeezus what's tomorrow? just e club?
 yaya	 tears you left me on read
 lmaoo	 fuck you responded lol
 lol ya too slow	 fuk, you responded
 vara's got the practice	 i'm not fast enough like vara
 he just snipes	 master at his craft whoa we're almost at 50k messaged that's quite a lot
 woah how do u check?	 that's more than i earn in a year it's under your name idk if this is a feature
 oh i think thats iphone only	 ahh ic ic yeh hot damn that's more money than bd makes profit wise tears i left you on read aw shit i fucked that up
 lmao	 not skilled enough
 lol bd profit? i don't think u can have negative messages 🐱	 shit man i swear to god if bezos buys bd agility robotics will have to be the final pillar of wholesome robotics ventures i really wonder how they're planning to grow, esp from oregon
 well bezos might actually turn bd into a useful company but their robots would probaly be less cool	 itll be boringgg yeh exactly not worth
 ya elon musk should buy bd :) at least he has a sense of humor he'll make spot minis with flamethrowers	 holy shit that's not a bad idea
 k i l l e r   r o b o t s	 "dark side" now do you see what i meant with the general public and media not being ok with robots lol
 ya its kinda funny maybe the solution is for bd to actually video tape their test runs	 they do have blooper vids but those only show during conferences, they never post them if i become a robo hippie activist in the future, please slap some sense into me
 you'll probably be campaigining for robot rights robot marriage	 we'll both probably be more annoyed by the ppl who let robots get feelings and emotional first
 true wait we don't even need graphs on this lab?	 yup no percent errors too
 sicc how do u show the formulas on the spreadsheet? when you print tears left on read :'( and again stop leaving me on read welp at least ur consistent with ur level of shittiness least you could do is apologize (see you think i went to far with this meme but these are direct quotes of what vara just sent me a few min ago lol)	 holy shit that's intense and to show the formulas you do ctrl + ' ' should share the same key as ~
 thankss	 no problemo
 shit i just finished meetings now and about to start english hw planning on starting ai at 2 :'(	 bruhhh don't overexert yourself btw did you finish el labo?
 ya well i have to do a final check	 i just passed it in you at botball?
 just got a pass	 🐱 lol i just heard vara call your name on the third floor
 🐱	 shittt i'm really behind on work not sure if i can afford a d block
 no problemo i'll probably be down there during d block you ok? did you die again	 i'm fucking hyped https://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robotics/industrial-robots/agility-robotics-raises-8-million-for-commercial-bipedal-robots playground global leads a sizeable round with the goal of turning walking robots into useful tools i'm also just having a hard time in general it's not like i have an intense amount of work or anything, it's more like i lost my sense of time i can just fall asleep at any point but it's so hard to wake up i don't get headaches if i oversleep anymore, but rather a more intense lethargic tilt to continue sleeping
 hmmm i'm worried it might be an actual health thing. have you gone to the doctors? or do u think it's more psychological	 lmao gud more, doctors fuck i meant one not more lol idk what it is getting muscles doe from e block workout with sam doe i'm ok with that i just woke up around an hour ago slept from 3 pm to now and i'm still sleepy yesterday i slept from 7 to 7 agility robotics even posted a new video and they got 8 mil but instead of being happy i just kinda took a nap
 hmm are u napping cuz u actually feel tired or because you can't bear to feel the cold, harrowing burden of consciousness	 i worked out with sam at the end of school, took a shower, feeling rather energetic, got home, put my stuff down, put my head down at my desk and then woke up groggy with several hours already passing
 shit dude i feel like you need to see a doctor i'm serious	 i'm also having a hard time getting myself to buy parts lol. i'll just look at all the tabs of everything and just think is this even worth it
 if this has happened for weeks	 that's a new progression no wait, this could be a great period of internal artistic development, just gotta channel it well i suppose it's hard to channel things if you're sleeping
 ya i was bout to say lol do you think there is a psychological cause to it? it doesn't seem like you're purposely trying to sleep have you been feeling ok emotionally lately? lay it all out	 i don't think there's anything that should technically make me feel emotionally bad no terrible schoolwork or results no drama or anything osu even sent me more emails about money opportunities from the honors college so it's not financial i'm not stressed or worried about schools anymore, but maybe that's a result of this whole sloth thing or am i worried about schools? idk anymore the most i've been doing is keeping up with the robo news, but that's more of an ingrained habit
 hmm did u have any expectations going in about how your last semester of school would go	 no lol the expectations i ever think i had are about making robos and what i expect testing should result in i don't really have an image of an ideal or expected life stuff ok the ideal part is a lie i think
 wdym"	 when i thought about your question about expectations i realized i really didn't have any maybe i lost them maybe i forgot them but all i know is that i don't have any rn
 hmm but did you have any beforehand?	 idk, i don't have a current project going on, besides botball i haven't been making anything really this past month
 usually when i have an overcast kinda mellow feeling, its cuz i'm either burned out or the bigger direction of my life is not the way i was imagining it to be	 i did apply to some jobs and stuff, but that felt more like copying and pasting my resume mindlessly over and over again
 but in the past you must have had months where you weren't working on any major projects right?	 i don't recall any times like that back before i had a smart phone i would even just program on the toilet lol i used to take every little time i had awake that i wasn't doing any academics, just doing robo stuff or other stuff i wanted to do, reading papers, researching new advancements now it's a kinda hollow i'll look at code but i won't try to test it or replicate it i'll read blurbs on new tech, but i won't delve deeper i'll think about possible new robo projects but they all just kind of drift away later in my mind
 do you think its bc you don't have a very certain strucutre in the near future? i know ashley felt kinda hollow during her gap year cuz she suddenly lost high school as a structure in her life and she didn't k exactly what she wanted to do maybe in the past few years you've been motivated to do things partly by you imagining what you want to do in the future both in terms of personal projects and post-high school activities but now that its actually come to almost that time, it doesn't feel like what you expected in the past? i'm just spitballing	 i didn't really expect anything in the past though lol it's not like i expected to work at bd or agility after finding out about their founding it's more like i knew i wanted to create better and better robots or other creations maybe it's cuz i have the time to start something but i'm hesitating so much to actually create that i'm just falling back into an inconclusive state maybe i'm just hesitant to drop more money to get parts is it the fear of wasting that money? idk i didn't have that much problems with dropping my internship money on the current parts i have rn maybe i need more purpose in what i want to create an e-board's purpose would just be niffy and convenient (hopefully) transportation but maybe it's purpose should be something else, or something else in addition to those previous points maybe it should just be fun to ride (although i'm not a skater so idk how fun it is to ride even a regular one) you know what i'll just buy the parts tonight fuck the hesitation
 are u sure? hmm do you think its cuz you've been trying to make better and better creations, but there's always a plateau of what you can do in ur basement? like for example your legged robot. i feel like even tho that's the logical next step for a cool project for you to work on, it would be practically impossible to do it with the resources you have rn	 it's not practically impossible, it is impossible lol can't make a dynamic walker with the torque to weight ratio of hobby servos best you can do is a clunky weight shifting walker that uses different principles that's a good take on it though perhaps that's the case i don't know honestly
 im really worried for you man do you wanna hang out after sci oly tomorrow? or if u want some alone time or some time working on ur projects that's fine too lmk what i can do	 i have rwdc after sci oly tomorrow lol but yeh thanks for the offer i really appreciate it maybe the isolation that i've always been used to is actually somehow starting to affect me pshh, impossible
 what's that i hear? u want to spend more time with friends? loser 🐱	 🐱 actually there is one expectation, or maybe perhaps more of a goal or dream but to be able to create robots like those of marc raibert or jonathon hurst like no offense to other professors or robo researchers but these guys just ran their own little labs and pumped out some of the craziest shit especially hurst, since he disappeared to oregon, which was practically unheard of producing anything groundbreaking in the field and just pumped out atrias and then cassie in several years maybe i'm expecting too much rn of what i can or want to create i know hurst tried to also make a walker servo robot when he was a little bit older than me in his time at cmu and it just failed, that project basically taught him that robot making is hard but i think my attempt really more taught me is that i don't have what it takes but maybe that was the wrong thing to take away from it all probably didn't help with all the rejections and waitlists at the time lol basically saying i don't have the academic rigor or i'm too boring as a person or something to be able to "do well" at their institutes, i know ppl say it's not a reflection of blah blah blah, but if we're real and real down to earth, those two things are essentially what it is, you're not "fit" or "right" for here rn, try somewhere else
 hmm well definitely i dont think that message is the right one to take away the thing you should have learned is your poor and don't have money to buy the parts that would allow u to create a legged robot lol not about your own ability bc the fact you are even attempting robots like these as a high schooler is already incredible and its even better than hurst or raibert	 idk, technically speaking, i had more resources than they did at my age due to all the advancement in hobbyist electronics and mechatronics well i suppose that's not exactly true, who knows what they had at their disposal lol, massrobotics also told me about another robotics conference where the ceo of agility robotics is speaking at but it cost 650 for attendance
 where is it located? you might be able to sneak in depending on the venue lol	 the westin boston waterfront

425 summer street

boston, ma 02210 though idk if it's ethical to sneak in knowing that massrobotics is partnered to make it if joyce sees me she's going to really question how the fuck i got in lol once you know the ppl then it gets awkward what should i have taken away from that failure of a project then?
 lol true	 i know technical wise what i learned from it but not sure about what else
 maybe that you can't make a legged robot on your own in the basement even if you're mark raibert or jonathan hurst bc its not about you being qualified or not, the task itself is just not possible for one person especially not a high schooler with limited resources you're expecting too much of yourself when what you've already accomplished is extraordinarily remarkable	 there's a japanese dude who made a couple quadruped robots by himself lol, though he did have access to those juicy (and horribly expensive) japanese servos and electronics
 and how old is he? he probably has industry experience, or at least college experience	 doesn't say on his blog, but he does have a job, most likely mid to late 20s to maybe 30s ok i see your point now lol but how does one measure "remarkable"
 you will be making legged robots before yoru late 20s probably before u turn 20	 it's easy to do when you're making stuff that's the cutting edge since then you can just say, "this has never been done before"
 well its a qualitative measure, but just simply the fact that high schoolers don't make legged robots in their basements in fact most high schoolers are fucking around and eating tide pods but the fact that you've attempted and made part of a legged robot is what makes you remarkable	 maybe it's just relative, i don't compare myself to high schoolers eating tide pods, i compare myself to the raiberts and hursts of the field which i know makes it seem that i will never be able to compare or makes everything i do very small but maybe it's a more stubborn pride or something idk lol, but i continue to want to compare myself to the top guys since i want to be able to stand among them and surpass them in the future it's not about putting myself down, but rather putting myself in the perspective of the best the best of the best
 ya man when you said you weren't good enough at robotics, but then u said u clarified saying u weren't good enoguh to compete with jonathan hurst i did a double take honestly that's a good attitude to have, i don't think u should stop comparing urself to those ppl you just have to keep in mind the context	 it's probably a left over from the artsy shiz, renior always compared and tried to emulate the work of past masters when he was younger. spending his time in the louvre, trying to recreate old paintings by himself
 whats renior you artsy cuck	 lol he was the guy who started the impressionism period and movement of art alongside claude monet they were close buddies
 who dafuq is claude monet	 https://www.metmuseum.org/toah/images/hb/hb_29.100.113.jpg  you must know of this painting right
 lol wut its a bridge	 "bridge over a pond of water lilies" by claude monet
 ew what a boring name ai can draw better than that	 oh shit i just outted myself as an art history guy
 lmao its ok i already knew and you make fun of me for writing books. ur just gonna be staring at paint	 i know i shit on steve jobs a lot, but he got one thing right all the time and i think it's part of his success looking at computers as paintings than just machines and i think robots need to go along a similar path, but not exactly the same thing lol if we end up as writers and painters in the future that'll be funny maybe there's another universe where we're making fun of each other wanting to go into cs or robotics
 🐱 lmao i think i showed u this before: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozdixvdu4p0 gente, dejo esta canción, una de mis tantas favoritas :) lyrics: slow down, you crazy child. you're so ambitious for a juvenile. but then if you're so smart,... u said the lyrics applied to me but i think they apply more to you rn	 haha oh man perhaps
 slow down, you crazy child.
you're so ambitious for a juvenile.
but then if you're so smart, tell me why are you still so afraid?
where's the fire? what's the hurry about?
you better cool it off before you burn it out.
you got so much to do and only so many hours in a day.	 we're probably going to live by this song at this rate
 ya. well its now one of my all time favorite songs its soo good	 maybe it's cuz of the lyrics and the overall tone of the song
 slow down, you're doing fine.
you can't be everything you wanna be before your time,
although it's so romantic on the borderline tonight, tonight. it may feel like a dream if you could build a legged robot tonight, but everything takes time, especially a huge ass 6 foot hunk of no applications you're doing fine, trust me. you're doing more than fine you're on the borderline just think about all the resource you'll have in college and the expertise, and the ppl, one of those being hurst himself (if u go to osu)	 yeh you're right haha, you once claimed that you're not good at cheering ppl up or comforting them but that's quite the opposite i think thanks justin, this really meant a lot
 no problem, that's why i'm here man now get some rest old man, its 12:00	 we're basically the same age and i still have a math packet to do lol and parts to order
 oh lmao u feeling better tho?	 yeh
 ok then my job is done. i'm gonna go to sleep and wake up early or i could start ai now	 i should stop thinking about everything i create having to have a greater purpose or being another step to creating the next big thing. i forgot why i started to make things in the first place, it's just fun, it doesn't always have to be amazing, it's alright to just make something fun and learn all you can along the way instead of picking one other the other, just do both
 ya exactly that's what sets you apart from a lot of ppl, one of your biggest motivators is that you genuinely enjoy every moment of the creation process which is really unique i think a lot of ppl create things in order to accomplish some larger goal, but are not necessarily happy doing it. i think u can do both	 haha thanks man, but i think a similar thing applies to you. very few people actually, on a very raw level, enjoy learning new things but you do && you have larger goals alongside and parallel to that also, did you get 6-8 hours of sleep last night? if not then you probably don't want to do ai. all it takes is one good night's sleep to get reset and healthy again. it's probably for the best (and best for your body) to get that good night's sleep if possible
 hmmmm. i did promise myself to sleep more ok i'm gonna go sleep now and wake up early i don't have a lotta hw so i might come in during a block and work on chad have fun with math packetting and parts	 lol thanks thanks good night!!
 gnight :)	 wanna work on chad b block?
 i actually forgot i need to finish a mathxl	 aight
 did u see my update in the discord?	 i need to finish that math packet lol
 lol	 mkkkkk got time after school?
 nah got track noe	 ewwww aight i have an idea for deepening chads claw
 ok r u gonna be at botball during b blocl? i can come down second half of the block	 i wasn't able to get a pass and i got manoogs rn she's killin' meh
 lol ptsd	 i'm going to go down to get a pass for gym i'll do maintenance and beef up chad's claw after school today
 sounds good	 pressing spot and dock is supposed to reset the create, but it seems to be a preprogrammed command so i'm not sure if it's meant for the create as a dev platform or if it's a leftover from the roomba a complete reset would probably be like disconnecting the battery, since it's directly connected to the pcb there are commands, like opcode 7 we could send to it if we want to actually reset the create like it's battery was disconnected http://www.irobotweb.com/~/media/mainsite/pdfs/about/stem/create/irobot_roomba_600_open_interface_spec.pdf but idk if we wanna continue messing with all the low level stuff without knowing too well what could happen i think by turning the create back to create_safe all the original parameters and settings are re-initiated, including that of power n' stuff otherwise i'm pretty sure if we reset while in create_full, where all those safety stuff is turned off, we end up messing up all that stuff so i suppose the lesson learned is always set back to create_safe if we're going to mess with the create directly i'mma post this in the discord in case we wanna refer back to this stuff
 hm i tried turnign to create_safe last time and it didn't fix the problem	 ay lmao wtf yeh i'm not sure then did you do create_safe -> attempt restart -> things fucked up -> charge chad -> things worked?
 no it wasn't in safe when we restarted i've tried restarting in safe mode tho and it didn't change i started working like the third time i tried charging chad lol idk i really don't k what actually fixed the problem	 ay lmao low level problems are always the hardest to diagnose agility robotics also seemed to be able to get more funding money than bd and schaft it seems like playground believes in agility's tech a lot more than bd or schaft passive dynamics ftw i suppose i wonder how that works funding rounds do you just pitch shit as hard as you can and get money? also btw agility did just officially claim one of their main objectives to make profitable robots
 maybe its cuz agility doesn't have a history of not having applciations yet	 to make legged robots that deliver packages jeezus
 that's good	 their main application goals rn are package delivery and military reconnaissance
 well ya tho not even meming, bd makes really cool products but none of them have been marketable when i was talking to my dad about bd, he says that ppl in his company regard bd as a youtube video company as a joke bc the main thing that has come out of bd to impact the world has been their youtube videos thus far	 yeh that's true, agility sold a product before bd did and agility's like 15+ years younger i'm pretty sure all of bd's money is coming from their parent company softbank now, which has a lot of money to spend on r&d it seems like after all their japanese money makin' history not sure why bd didn't try to launch a research and dev platform like agility did though maybe they're afraid their tech would be spread around
 ya idk what bd's company goals are	 they wanna make dinosaurs 🐱 one thing i don't understand though bd seems to have seasoned engineers and the very foundation that legged locomotion was built from cuz of raiberts past history and research so they already have a strong team as seem with their products agility does have hurst but he's a lot younger than raibert and his team seems to be mainly comprised of oregon kids so does that mean oregon kids are secret bosses or something like wtf
 i don't think bd is not creating marketable products due to lack of skill its proabably just the direction that bd wants to go in they seem to be getting funding so they can be cros as long as they keep making cool youtube vids agility is a startup so their not gonna be able to pull the same funding, and they probably set out from the start to create a marketable product	 everyone is a cro at bd 🐱 still though, don't you find it weird that agility came out of oregon of all places? i don't mean any offense and maybe it's due to a lack of previous knowledge of the area but it seems really out of the blue that that's their home turf were they always growing and just so happened to be really under the radar?
 idk, they probably just did it there bc hurst got a job at osu	 that's pretty insane if he was the catalyst and or driving force for all that bro i found a free bar of soap noooo its been used and the other ohe is gone
 lol wut yo roy any movie recs	 steve jobs 2015 must if you're watching another movie rn don't
 lol ok	 wait justin yu there was a patent?! 🐱 🐱
 ? lol what	 lol don't worry about it bad memes wait my jigsaw is missing like just straight up gone what the heck the last time it was used was when we cut mission possible right how the fuck is this thing missing it's not like a screwdriver it's as big as jenns dog what was taken for sci oly?! lol that ?! makes me sound mad i'm more really concerned about where this thing is and hunting for clues than mad ppl took my jigsaw without asking??? or am i just senile nvm i know where it is btw what did you think of of he movie
 i didn't finish but it was really good for the part i watched	 ahhh did you get to the part where he was part of next?
 ya i got to the part where he was about to get on stage	 oh man that leads to such a goood parttt did you fall asleep or just had other stuff todo? what did you think about the parts you already saw?
 i fell asleep i think it paints woz very positively and you really feel for him i think johanna has an inhuman amount of patience i liked how they focused a lot on jobs and his dynamic with other ppl rather than telling his whole life story	 yeh it does paint woz positively, but what piece of media and or story about steve jobs hasn't painted him positively? however, i do think that this movie painted steve jobs to be a lot more likeable and relatable than other sources by far, really exemplifying his admirable qualities and growth as a person i haven't crosschecked this yet but i do recall a story about johanna early on almost being fired by her boss in apple but then blackmailed jobs by stating that she is the one who has all the connections to the media and with one message she can turn his whole image around but yeh in the movie she does manage really well lol i really liked that too of the movie, it's really interesting to see how he interacted with others in the movie, especially the differences between woz vs andy, scully vs johanna and his daughter vs his wife i also loved how the movie showed jobs' mistakes and failures and how he recovered and dealt with it and showing a strange stubbornness from him
 i haven't gotten to the end but i assume next fails but then he's reinvited to apple	 i do think woz was correct for making the apple ii more customization since the ppl buying computers at the time are more hobbyists rather than regular ppl, but jobs keeps pushing end to end control for regular ppl, which as we see now has become the norm ever since computers permeated throughout society even though, personally, i don't like end to end control 🐱
 ya jobs definitely was thinking more long term i'm gonna finish the movie tonight btw we just made a cost estimate of about $1300 for the europe trip you should comeeeeee	 hmm idk still i still haven't landed a job anywhere
 hmmm what kind of jobs are u looking for?	 internships with money
 but i assume in robotics? like i could probably get you a job in data analysis but idk if that's what u wanna be doin	 yeh robotics i'll step into computer vision if need be but generally robotics lol dddddata analysis?.... idk how that sounds lol and dayumn dude all those connections you have
 its radial analytics	 what the fuk is that
 i'm not sure if the offer is still open, but someone gave me an offer late feb another one is ta for beaverworks basically ros and autnomous racecar	 but i wanna work on robots with effectorsssssssssssss and idk being a ta would lead to you learning a lot it's alright, if i don't land one i'll just see if i can visit and live in hursts lab or live at massrobotics
 i'm not planning on getting a job cuz i'll be in and out visiting family plus working on botball and also i feel like i wanna do more my own exploration in ai	 yeh i wanna explore more robo but i want more resources and maybe be paid lol
 lol	 i'm a choosing begger 🐱
 where have u applied thus far?	 i forget 🐱 i applied to a fellowship program for raytheon and other bigger places like that
 ok wait do u mean cold email or apply	 that was apply other places were cold email
 have u heard back?	 heard back from the organizer said they'll get back to me later now i'm doing rwdc again lol
 damn u guys are really grindin tell jen i said hi	 she said why
 oh she doesn't k u videoed her lol tell her roy is being a creep and videoing you 🐱	 nah she knew lol i'm sorry
 lol oh	 how you doing you ok wait now i'm nervous loo lol
 ? nervous bout what	 oh nvm did you finish the good jobs movie?
 nope not home yet family stuff got moved to today so i'm probably free tomorrow, debating whether or not to go to mr. whs	 you probably should 15 bucks i'm broke though so idt i can go lol
 idk is it worth? what even goes on holy shit that movie was so good and ya i definitely think it humanizes jobs a lot more	 lo siento i'm still doing rwdc lol yeh i love that movie it was so good we can analysis and discuss it later
 lol ok	 apparently there are three chapters of psych hw due wednesday and i haven't started any that's like at least 60 questions fuc all the fuck 🐱
 🐱 welp don't come during d block actually i need to study for an econ test as well so	 wait there was d block today?
 oh	 wait shit what day is today
 what day is it today	 i just soent all my money on more parts yesterday oh wait
 its day 2	 bdcgf
 *bcdgf	 doing rwdc until 1-2am for two days straight really messes with you
 damn you guys are really grinding	 my ass has been grinded to a pulp
 🐱	 🐱 can you get the back door real soon?
 ya sure	 i'm on the green now
 i dont see u oh do u mean the all theway back door	 lol i'm in
 lol ok	 every single post in this group is the same it's all white girls saying they might come they like hanging out with friends and netflix they want to friend a roommate and or promote their social media and they always post pictures of a selfie, a group photo, and one scenery i never knew ppl could be so similar
 lmao u should do the exact same post style but with legged robot pics	 i would be ostracized immediately become the campus nerd before i even step on campus it kind of concerns me that the people are so similar
 u gotta show them who's boss	 why is hurst there
 who's nerd boss	 hursts' lab is full of nerdy white bois lol oh wait there were past korean internationals huh why are there so many korean internationals
 huh	 yeh i got nothing lol is this like a stereotype thing or is this just reality even texas wasn't this white
 lol	 actually, one common thing among all these people are that they are really into being outside so i probably won't ever see them
 7% asian, not too bad	 that's a lot of hispanics
 they have so little black ppl they didn't even put a percentage	 i don't think i've ever seen more hispanics than asians before lol that's pretty insane that's also a lot of internationals
 tho i think there are just less black ppl on the west coast in general	 8% essentially wow
 ye	 9.1% ethnicity unknown wtf did they count the robots or something da heck is that supposed to mean are those mixed ppl?
 ya, or the ppl who fill out "prefer not to answer" on their apps probably	 oh wait then i think i fall under that category
 they have close to 50/50 gender ratio	 is that supposed to be impressive lol i feel like every school has that unless they're a smaller tech school like rpi
 well some tech schools have been struggling a lot with the gender ratio	 let's be real doe all the males will be inside being virgin engineers so the social gender ratio is more 50/50 🐱
 🐱 true	 boiiiii
 uhh mun shit	 🐱 did you just leave on read?! sad tear its been 2 seconds it's like the perfect size and shape already has griptape doe lol wasted 10 bucks
 lol	 i guess i should change my wardrobe become a sk8tr haxer 🐱
 🐱	 btw this stuff clocked in under 400
 oh shit u already bought everything?	 when i said i bought the parts and i'm broke i really meant it lol
 oh well we just bought the plane tickets you owe me $569	 🐱 boi that's more than the skateboard
 hey ugh there's this realy cool robotics conference in europe	 if it's not at eth zurich, iit, or oxford there is no big robotics conference in europe lol i know my shit
 welp	 unless it's from softbank but the office for their french side is not incredibly active and the only robots they produced rn that are big are romeo and pepper man i wish there was something more useful and profitable that i could use my robotics trivia knowledge on i've just been gathering information like this i suppose i know the landscape of robotics rather well, perhaps that'll be useful
 well you'll be prepped for opportunities	 the only legged robotics companies are agility, bd, schaft (but these guys are japanese and even more secretive than bd), pal, minotaur i think i also like legged shit since it's an amazing hardware and software problem unlike stuff like slam i can't think of anything else that blends all of the fields of robotics and plus so well
 arghhh i really wish u could come on this trip it would be so fun	 same but i ain't got enough cash :'( perhaps we go on one in the future one day while we're still in our early 20s
 ya	 you down for d block? wait do we have an open end or do we have a class d block lol i think we need to check in still do you need a pass? i forgot my laptop lol
 lol i'm coming down now but i need to redo a pass	 🐱 boi
 i lost the other one lol	 how did you do that... it's barely been two hours lol
 woah ceramic animals is actually really good	 yeh dude psychedelic rock mannn you need a pass for d block?
 ya that would be good yo roy did u do #2 on the mathxl?	 we don't have the same mathxl lol also he's gone d block
 shit i meant web assign	 gonna have to get it in between blocks yeh i did do you know when second lunch ends lol
 no idea, the midway of between 11:52 and 1:03 *midway pt	 thanksgiving 🐱
 well actually it's the midpoint + 15 min for when it ends actually nvm i'm dumb	 wait wut lol
 nothing	 https://docs.google.com/document/d/1icj7dwgg5ashhqfswn6byntodv8o4utzn3_nqyvqrbm/edit?usp=sharing oof, it's kinda thicc
 dang that's long i like it tho it really shows your passion	 holy crap, you read it that fast?
 ya well i didn't read the descriptions of ur projects cuz i can't really give feedback on those	 lol thanks so you're saying i can just send it as is? (btw those descriptions are literally just ripped from my resume lol) with some edits to shorten them do you think it matters when i send this email? i think i might wanna send it at night, perhaps 7, in case i think of things to also mention
 ya that's a good idra maybe mention something about agility? and how ur really interested in what they're doing and you've been following their progress he think of u as both lab and intern candidate	 oh tru tru, "i've heard that you've secured 8 mill recently, that's a lot of money, i know how to spend money" 🐱
 🐱 i'm sure most of their interns are run of the mill looking for a summer job type ppl	 no way
 so u def stand out as someone who specifically wants to do legged robots	 how could ppl be working on legged locomotion who aren't into it themselves
 i mean most college interns just go into a company that in general is in their field it's not like i'm especially into microsatellite propulsion control systems	 oregon kids then must have one of the greatest ins for legged locomotion in the world that's insane
 but i did accion for experience	 bd, schaft, etc are not even connected to places besides secret corporate and military life aight i'll add that on, the stuff about agility and following their progress (maybe even say congrats on their recent funding)
 ye well actually maybe not the congrats part, that would sound like u just googled the most recent news about them today	 ok then i'll talk about being excited about their plans to give cassie feet and arms and that i have some of my own ideas on it that info only came from his talks and info from deep into his lab stuff
 nice	 you still at the scrimmage?
 yup i probably won't be done until like 6 :/	 ouch.... that's a bone holy crap riding a skateboard is so much harder than i thought it would be even more so now that it's made properly i think do you have my drill?
 nope what drill?	 ben said that you have my drill lol why my tools misssssssinggggggggggggggggf sad days
 lol btw have u heard any news for ivys?	 1/10
 ?	 i used to bat 1/8
 ah	 this email to hurst is all i'm riding on rn lol
 did u email hurst? ah	 actually i'm about to rewrite it
 oh why?	 on the chance that he actually did see my resume and shit but just didn't mention it or didn't think it was impressive or just was doubting if i was committed enough folks wanted to get in on that and they think i shouldn't send so much lol though idk aw man we're at 50,047 messages and it had to reach it on such a lame and depressing note
 shit we shoudve counted down to 50000 nah i think it's fine if u send a good chunk i would definitely keep the first part of ur email, but maybe shrink the project descriptions he dwfinitly didn't look at your resume i think, professors are busy and the advice he gave u seemed very general but he will of u give him a reason to and not have it be some admission officer saying "hey wanna reply to this fucker who emailed"	 oof folks got mad at me for wanting to send not just a thank you letter lol i think they're reasoning is that they're afraid of me coming off too strong nvm just sent it anyway lol chopped it down a lot more tried to sound not as "here is what i've done" and more of "i want to learn more"
 thats good honestly i don't think you were coming off too strong	 yeh that's what i thought too, this worked for all the other industry ppl i've talked to idk why my folks thought i should be more conservative here maybe they were afraid if i screwed up with hurst then i really and ded lol
 ya true btw do u have any movie recs lol i can't bring myself to do any work so i feel like watching a movie	 yeh sure blade runner the og directors cut i still think it's one of the best sci fi movies
 ok any others? maybe a more light hearted one	 lol yeh birdman oh wait that one can also be pretty depressing since it's about a crazy guy trying to restart his failed career how about pulp fiction
 i feel thats one i want to see with friends wait is that the one with samuel l jackson	 then there's a beautiful mind, it's about john nash yeh pulp fiction is the one with jackson, he's amazing in it this youtube mix is amazingly good dang, those algorithms really are doing well
 oh i got a preetty good mix from ceramic animal as well	 they generate the best mixes lol where you at lol
 need to make up a latin quiz	 you were marked absent i think
 welp	 maybe you can get it excused
 nah scew that 3rd quarters almost over i gotta max out those absenses	 🐱 what movie did you end up watching
 i didn't i just fell asleep lol	 niceeeeee that's good gotta value that kind of stuff
 ew that's disgusting	 🐱 don't get dementia bruh
 btw i won't be able to come to botball a block cuz i need to go comfort vara	 i have physics a block lol wait is he alright? what happened?
 oh right nah he just got hit pretty hard by college	 didn't get what he wanted?
 5 reject/waitlists	 holy crap he applied to 5?! ivies
 ye	 so many ppl are depressed lol
 ya....	 lmaooo waitlist at wpi 🐱
 🐱	 it's almost official
 dude u were meant for the hurst	 i've been denied at literally every single engineering school lol he hasn't gotten back to my email
 they probably got scared away	 rejected from berkeley lmaoooo 3 schools left oh man val and i got chucked so hard by vara lol
 ? wdym	 i'll tell you the whole story another time since i'm tired from working on rwdc from 3 to now but it's pretty funny
 lol ok was it something he did cuz of college decisions	 yeh it's partly about how val and i both got rejected from duke and berkeley
 🐱 ok lol vara is vara which ones you still waiting for?	 cmu umich and weedtown
 good luck ma boi which one would be ur top in those three? cmu?	 🐱 not getting in
 nah i think u have a shot well i mean realistically tho do you want to? osu seems to be more and more perfect for u every day	 what makes you say that besides the fact that it's the only place i'm in lol their honors college act scores reaches up to 28-31
 ok tru but the opportunities seem  like they're kinda exclusive to a place like osu and you're basically garunteed to be the big man on campus, you'll stand out so much what would be the ideal school u get into? sorry lol badly timed meme 🐱	 geezus lol i don't think anyone should ever go into a place with the idea that they will be the big man on campus
 well true but objectively speaking your skills dwfinitly make u stick out a lot whether u wanna flex ur big triceps everywhere is up to u but at least going in u can be sure you are in a position to stand out	 it's just a bit disheartening to think that sooooo many engineering schools of various types and kinds all told me no i don't belong there or i'm just not good enough to not get waitlisted does every institute except oregon think i would be a shit engineer lol
 1. i think they're stupid
2. steve jobs went to reed college
3. i think your skills may have been hard to be fully expressed in an application cuz a lot of it is just basement projects. they don't know u well enough to make a judgment on how u will do as an engineer. ppl like me who are around u all the time and constantly amazed by u all the time, i know for certain you will be one of the most brilliant engineers out there, even if you yourself don't think so, i am 100% certain. and u know i never lie to make ppl feel better. ask anyone around u and they will say the same i think the application itself is flawed and i think u will do well anywhere, regardless if it's cmu osu or a barn in bumfuck oregon i feel like u can take a lot of things from the college app experience but the one thing i don't want you to do is take personal responsibility for the rejections. it's honestly not u it's colleges being dumb while looking at a flawed application in a flawed process that puts ppl who can take tests well above ppl who are already gearing up to change the world https://youtu.be/d82zxqzhuo8 this song belongs to the arctic monkeys and domino records this is the 6th song of the album (favourite worst nightmare) enjoy ! https://youtu.be/cunmebohxz8 provided to youtube by domino recording co ltd despair in the departure lounge · arctic monkeys who the f*** are arctic monkeys? ℗ 2006 domino recording co l...	 i like how we have songs now that fit each other in our different moods and states
 here's some quality alex turner to be there in melancholy times ye	 and really thanks man, it may be physically impossible to express my gratitude but i'll try my best to let you know i really treasure those words aight maybe i'll try to learn how to ride this longboard again
 :) don't mention it, it's easy to speak the truth eyy that's the spirit	 i still just really wish other ppl got into places that they wanted like it was disheartening to see val getting rejected from duke and sam talking gloomily about he actually might not be able to afford umich anymore was college decisions always this depressing lol
 i think so :/	 how have you been feeling though? i feel like lately i've been the debbie downer taking the attention but i want to make sure if you're doing alright too
 i'm fine lol don't worry about me at all i think i'm just excited for college decision season to be over so all of us can just hang out and enjoy senior yr	 tru tru some ppl are already done with decisions i think
 ya i think so like chris ethan and jen	 chris yang???
 i think so	 awww
 well he was deciding b/w umass and northeastern but i think he said he's probably deciding northeastern	 ah ic ic maybe i'm not in the place to say, but i still think our friends deserved more choices than the ones that this season dealted out perhaps i'm also biased but idk this whole process seems strangely flawed but it's hard to nail down exactly what it is and come up with a viable solution
 ya i feel	 it's also just a bit sad to know that colleges didn't actually look at my video or maybe even if they did they didn't like it or think it was "good enough" that's the problem with technical projects i think, at some point the general public won't be able to understand what's so impressive or good about it first impressions is way more powerful than we think usually
 ya unfortunately	 and to answer your question of where/what i think is the perfect institute i don't there is one and there will never be one the moment that we have one then we will longer have such awkward education disparities and problems because it'll be able to wholly address anyone who wants to seek out more knowledge and education kind of like how the old institutes from thousands of years ago were places for intellectuals from every field to just hang out and explore, allowing anyone to take a try. but even then that was romanticized
 ya	 https://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robotics/robotics-hardware/festo-bionic-learning-network-rolling-spider-flying-fox the latest in weird and potentially useful robots from german automation giant festo btw there is a company like bd that exists and just makes cool shit and they're still going strong but festo does actually use the tech and lessons learned from their cool projects for other products... so i guess it's kinda not like bd lol shiz
 how do they get money tho lol	 idk actually i'll need to do more research on them they made the kangaroo robot i'm pretty sure and this is actually a prime example of different groups of ppl tackling similar problems i know caltech was making a bat robot too (and had an operational one too i think), but it seems like festo already made a more efficient and presentable one i've been attempting to ride this skateboard wrong this whole time lol just got rejected from umich, but who the fuck cares when i'm getting better on this longboard
 niceee where are u even practicing?	 the street i'll just come up to physics after c block
 ok	 🐱
 hows anime con yo roy when do u guys come back?	 2 am there's so many wrens weebs
 lol i wonder why	 it's insane it's really different from robo conferences yoooo congratssss
 i got rejected lmaooo	 shit sorry i heard that you got in um let me go correct them
 from who? lol	 sam
 lol saarah sent a snapchat of me getting rejected lol but he probably only read the caption	 yeah i did i couldn't hear what it actually said but it said "stanford!" and you seemed reasonably normal in the vid so i just assumed gomennasorry justin -sam
 lol it's all good lmao how was anime con?	 it was actually pretty fun it's was interesting to see ppl you would normally see as awkward or weird just be able to enjoy themselves with no fear of judgement and everyone around them being supportive i'm also officially bat 1/15
 nicee are you still there?	 nope taking a dump at home
 lol ok	 the college decision thing came full circle opened my first l on the toilet opened my last l on the toilet
 well u still have one more right?	 hurst still hasn't responded though t_t that's what's really killing me nah it's all waitlists now
 oh i thought u applied to cmu	 and the only one i would go over instead of osu would be buzz i opened my first cmu l on the toilet

i opened my last cmu l on the toilet it's actually the same letter lol
 ah	 i wanted to visit and see the coris institute but idk if that'll be awkward if i don't get a confirmation lol guess i'll go through administration again that always seems to worok
 hmm i know super busy professors usually have assistants and secretaries who make all their appointments and remind them to reply to things	 time to email barn man
 lol	 jk, probs going to email honors college person who runs the thing
 "georgia tech does not use a ranking system to make offers from the waitlist. we will offer admission to students from the waitlist in an effort to shape our class to meet institutional needs and priorities." ouch institutional needs and priorities = black ppl	 thanks for reminding me 🐱
 sorry	 lol it was a memmeee no worries duuudeee dude buzz doesn't have hurst and agility don't feel badddd i meant that as a joke though it was pretty edgy, that was my bad you think i don't get your humor lol 🐱 wtf some indian dude wants my code for my custom turtlebot and when i sure and asked why he said for his university project bruh there's a skater here
 lmaoooo can i ask you for physics hw when were in college https://youtu.be/hsab2tvtsss iristick develops state-of-the art smart glasses for industry. all iristick smart glasses are certified safety glasses and feature live streaming technology,...	 sure you can ask me for physics questions lol i'll have to take a look at that video a bit later seems interesting though
 holy shit there are 3 individual smash tournaments at cpw lol	 cpw? and that makes sense i suppose there's a lot of different smash games
 theres also an event titled "sprocle and chill" lmao *sporcle	 what is cpw
 campus preview weekend for mit	 ahh da fuk is a sport le sporcle
 lol its an online trivia game website "trivia! battles! kyrgyzstan! come prove you can spell better than hahvard, you know you want to! " its the one mr. b loves	 lol alright that subtle harvard lab jab
 lol ya theres a lot of nerdy stuff going on	 msg me when the party is insane also did ya meet anyone cool yet?
 oh its not this weekened its april 12th - 15th they just released the schedule today in the most nerdiest way too	 how did they do it?
 ok so the schedule was suppose to come out next week but then today one of the admissions officers posted in the fb group that he's gonna leak it a week early hold on lemme just send u the post so there was a poll asking students if they want the schedule early, ofc ppl said yes we had over 300 dog pics in like 20 min and then when he released the schedule, the entire thing was encrypted with a vigenere cipher lol oh and all the dates are starting from the day mit was founded so we all made a group chat and had to decode the schedule ourselves and it was really fun tho 630 ppl working on deciphering a document, very chaotic	 geezus 630 ppl in a chat? can fb handle that?
 well not all of them were helping nah it was a groupme	 ahhh
 basically we all hand decoded different parts of the document, while we had a few ppl working on a script to decode the rest i love mit for pulling shit like this tho, its very characteristic of them instead of releasing the godamn schedule online like a normal school lol https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkb1nahi-x0 thanks to pcbway for sponsoring this video only $5 for 10 pcbs - https://www.pcbway.com/?code=cc hi everyone hope you are doing great , before a few days we ... bruhhhhhhhhhh we could totally do this	 i showed you that before lol
 oh wut	 🐱 bruh
 it just came out a few weeks ago	 the design was made years ago should be an arduino nano powering the low level hardware i was right on the money it's an arduino nano
 what else would u use tho lol	 beaglebone perhaps or if you're really good just scratch make the pcb i'm not saying that's it's not impressive but i'm saying it was done before and that they used the same design unless it's the same ppl/person
 ah well its basically a copy of google glass	 if you really want we can make our own version and beef it up to actually be able to process things and with an actual built in computer it'll probably prove to be good experience
 that would be really cool actually or other wearable tech projects	 lol that sounds fun alright, you wanna try that out?
 well idk i don't want to distract you from the skateboard you already got all the materials and stuff	 though are you sure you want to work with me? you can probably find someone better wow that made me sound pathetic lol and nah the skateboard build is really straightforward oof i guess i'm not fully over the whole 1/15 just yet i feel like ppl are more subject to be slaves to emotions than i thought or at least i am rn
 bruh ur the only one in this school who could even make such a project	 i mean when you're at mit lol it might be better to hold off until you're there, you'll probably be able to get the resources for free if not low price and there is bound to be a guy more qualified than me by far, probably an upper classman who's in ee
 i mean ya ofc in college, but college is a whole new ball game it would be nice to attempt a shitty version in high school tho to learn some lessons	 yeh perhaps i suppose that argument applies no matter where we go
 yeh we can talk about it more, but also i don't want you to be distracted from the skateboard lol how is that goin btw?	 i can longboard kind of gave me quite the bicep and grip workout yesterday from carrying it everywhere oof idk why i'm so nervous on getting behind ive been trying to rev up how much i study and shit from academics to the depths of robotics like even after the con yesterday i worked on rwdc and then read some papers until 5 am idk why i'm doing this, perhaps i'm scared that osu won't be able to offer the education i want/need despite their honors college and hurst hurst specialized in meche and i want to go more into mechatronics if possible idk that's also partly the reason why i said that this summer i want to just study and grind
 hmm i mean that's a good thing the to do, if you want to hone your skills do you feel more motivated now? i know you were kinda in a slump before in terms of working on projects and learning	 idk i think in just more insecure now lol i can't remember the last time i felt this way
 :/	 it's hard to believe in yourself when so many other ppl don't
 well they don't believe in the application that u sent in its not the same thing there's a reason that everyone who knows you are inspired and awed by you you could also try to transfer out the first year i think with time, the thing that actually matters is being personally impressive, and not being impressive on paper. and did you also send letters to all your waitlists?	 i can't send a letter to buzz they don't allow it transferring is also idk man
 what are your other waitlists?	 i'll see how hurst works out neu, rpi, wpi, there's more but they're not anywhere i would want over buzz
 gtech's transfer acceptance rate is 51%	 lmao my "safeties" killed me that's for georgian cc schools they're a state school yeh idk i'll just try to enjoy the last few hours of this con and try to distract myself with rwdc work and studies
 ya that's a good idea the enjoying the con part i don't k if its a good idea to distract yourself, maybe it would be better to work out your feelings so they don't build up you free tomorrow? i can come over if u want, or other days of the week maybe wooping my ass in smash will help lol	 i have 5 tests in the first half of the week and rwdc due monday unfortunately lol
 oh shit wait its due? i thought competition was april 22nd	 🐱 nah april 2
 wait then why are u guys flying out on april 22nd	 there's a presentation component
 ah ok	 maybe i should go visit oregon and see what's actually up there
 they should have a visiting weekend right?	 and you are honestly right that it's like one of the only places with what i'm particularly interested in not to mention a direct connection with one of the major companies that are part of what i want to be a part of it's not that i don't want to go to oregon, cuz it has everything i want except idk if it has the education i want but then again if they were able to make those robots then they must have the education to back it up
 right honestly the classes b/w don't vary that much what varies is the connections and the ppl, which are gold in ur case for osu u might find a smaller range of class subjects maybe, but for engineering u should be all set	 i also first thought that prestige wasn't that big of a deal but now with everyone not even wanting to mentioning osu around me since they think they might make me feel down just makes me feel down way more lol
 really ppl do that?	 i notice that ppl tend to discuss college less around me it's also very real that this can all be in my head but my folks aren't so celebratory about it i don't get any congrats but only consolations it's kind of like self-fullfilling prophecy
 well do you discuss college a lot with others? i feel like college is such a touchy topic for everyone so everyone is just nervous to talk about it unless the other person brings it up	 but this time, self-fulfilling feelbads lmaooo really? i think ppl love to congrats and make jokes about them maybe you've been hanging around vara a lot jk jk
 also it looks like you have spring preview coming april 6th and 13th	 they also can't fly me out lol, i asked and it was a nah the nearest airport to them commercially is an hour+ away
 who's they?	 osu who else lol oh wait no one else 🐱 shit the edge is on
 oh i thought u meant ur parwnts wow	 gotta find some sandpaper
 uh 🐱 u should just ask ur parents to let u go they'll pay for the ticket right?	 probably oh man, i suppose i'll never find out what a congrats is like
 if all else fails https://www.youvisit.com//60212/?pl=v&hover=0&reff=http%3a%2f%2fvisitosu.oregonstate.edu%2fopen-house-programs virtually explore oregon state university in a fully immersive 360-degree experience.	 i found out about my acceptance by waking up to a letter that fell next to my bed no horahs, no nice, just "oh" and back to sleep same thing for the honors too lol
 i congratulated you when you got into osu i remember thinking u could now actually pursue ur dream of legged robots	 yeh and i really appreciate it thanks from the deepest part of my heart it just hurts a bit when no one in your family does idk it was all the small things i think that slowly chipped away at me i think i'm just edgy rn immature only doing rwdc is probably my best course of action rn
 ya, that's probably a good idea for the next 2 days we can chill afterwards work on some cool projects and just enjoy senior yr	 you know what's cool? being able to be the person who makes things great by your association with them. this isn't an exact goal of mine but for me i just found that interesting hurst being at osu made me think highly of osu, woz being from berkeley made me think that berkeley was really cool, etc. maybe it was that line that my cousin told me after i said i was happy to go to osu and they replied, i'm sorry that you have to go to just your safety
 hmmm ya well i don't think he understands ur real motivations and passions i mean to be honest, yes the glamor isn't there for osu and ppl who don't know you very well just wouldn't get it. but in terms of a fit, i think ppl who know you well would agree it's definitly a college worth being happy about going u just gotta excuse the ignorant u have ur reasons and they're totally valid	 that's true i suppose well if glamor is what ppl care about then the solution is to just make it glamorous, a couple more youtube videos of robots doing uncanny things will do the trick i wonder if i'm looking for self-validation or outside validation though i should probably be looking for self-validation
 ya well everyone looks for outside validation, it's natural but ya i think the best thing to do is realize ppl who just hear about it are ignorant of the conrext and u should take their comments with a grain of salt i know i was genuinely happy for you when u found out bc i knew it made complete sense for what u want to do in the future i'm sure other ppl who know u better do too	 i can't say enough how grateful i am to be friends with you lol idk if it's us knowing each other well, but despite what you say you really got them ppl skills or if we distill it some more, you got understanding
 nah i suck at emotional shit lol	 i suppose the last thing that was nagging at the back of my mind was the idea that ppl won't take me seriously once they find out where i am, because i do think that robotics needs to branch out more and if i try to converse with like investors or ppl like that i feel like they would judge me based on where i'm from and not what i make
 it's probably cuz we vibe pretty well and we k eachother pretty well hmm to be honest yes that's a valid concern in some situations, some jobs care a lot about what school u come from, especially mom engineering ones. however if ur talking about getting funding, especially in startups, it matters more about ur creations than ur background	 haha they say that you usually find life long friends in college, but i met you in high school so i guess that's an anomaly wow that was sappy
 aw thanks. i think we could use some sappy rn also *non-engineering not mom engineering lol	 ahh ic ic
 if u were going into academia, i think they care more about da brands	 guess i'm lucky to be at this age when legged robots are moving out of the labs into industry is that always true? raibert went to northeastern when it was unheard of and got a professorship at cmu, made the leg lab and then moved to mit after several years apparently it wasn't until he was doing his phd at mit after northeastern that he learned about robotics that's insane that he started so late and did so much i must admit though, you're the only one that i can discuss such sappy things about rather comfortably idk why, maybe it's cuz i'm usually so isolated from others from my childhood to how i act now but i rarely if ever talk about this kind of stuff to others basically, you got all the good dirt if you wanna take me down 🐱 jk jk
 🐱	 but i'm sure you know what i mean
 ya def i don't talk about this kind of thing with anyone else either and also whenever i talk about how excited i am to meet more new ppl in college who share my same interest and mindset i can make a lot stronger connections with, usually i'm referring to our friendship in life in general its probably pretty rare to find someone u can vibe with so well	 and here i was thinking you might be gay back in middle school funny how that works out funny and yet i'm pretty grateful to how it worked out thanks man
 same and i thought u were a girl 🐱	 lol 🐱 did i ever tell the story when i had almost shoulder length hair i got catcalled? this is also when i was really rather skinny
 🐱 lmao really	 yeh dude i was walking down the street to my house from main street and a car came by and dudes starting to whistle and say things and then they passed and saw that i was a dude and the street became so quiet
 lloll u were the og trap step aside mike	 lmaooo aight, time to do some rwdc grind cya in a bit or tomorrow who knows lol
 yup cya	 and yeh if you wanna make the glasses then all we can easily do it i bet i have most of the electronics needed to make it and some of the stuff we can just scratch make just let me know if you're up for it i even already have a raspberry pi zero that was on sale that's just waiting to be used somewhere
 sicc ok	 wow 🐱
 i forged a pass for u if u need one	 i need to study for the psych test and then work on rwdc again and then study for math lol today's a bad day
 ok lol no worries i'm just gonna make sure chad is ready for test day i also need to finish an essay due e block lol so i wont make too many changes	 sounds good that was also a really depressing april fools comic lol https://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robotics/artificial-intelligence/how-not-to-order-water-from-a-robot-waiter when we ask robots to do things, should they do what we say, or what we mean? i think you should read this one this falls right into what you're interested in this was a sample convo with purposely having the robot not being able to understand nuances/what they mean robot: hello my name is waiterbot. i will be helping you today. participant: great, can i order something?
robot: please tell me your order.
participant: um, can i have one water?
robot: yes, that is permissible.
participant: great.
robot: please tell me your order.
participant: can i have one water?
robot: yes, that is permissible.
participant: great, i’ll take one water.
robot: thank you for sharing that interesting prediction. please tell me your order.
participant: can i order one water?
robot: yes, that is permissible.
participant: okay, can you bring me one water?
robot: yes, i am able to do that.
participant: may you bring me one water?
robot: yes, i am able to do that.
participant: i would like—
robot: please tell me your order.
participant: i would like to have one water.
robot: thank you for sharing that interesting fact. please tell me your order. (16-second pause)
participant: can you bring me one water?
robot: yes, i am able to do that. please tell me your order.
participant: may you please bring me one water?
robot: yes, i am able to do that.
participant: so can you do it?
robot: yes. please tell me your order.
participant: can you go inside and get the water for me?
robot: yes, i am able to do that. please tell me your order.
participant: my order is water—
robot: please tell me your order.
participant: my order is water.
robot: okay. (robot retrieves meal card for participant)
robot: here is your drink.
participant: thank you.
robot: you’re welcome. please tell me your order.
participant: my order is two cakes.
robot: okay. (robot retrieves meal card for participant)
robot: here is your dessert.
participant: thank you.
robot: you’re welcome. please tell me your order.
participant: my order is done.
robot: please tell me your order.
participant: my order is noodles.
robot: okay. (robot retrieves meal card for participant)
robot: here is your meal.
participant: thank you.
robot: you’re welcome. thank you for helping me. we are now done. this last line really got me "don’t we want robots to learn how to interact with us, rather than the other way around?"
 yo do you wanna come over to maxes? were making schnitzel with christoph	 nah, i have to study
 and jen says u can work on rwdc here	 it'll be easier with the double monitors in my room and i also got other work to finish up
 u sure? u could just come to eat lol	 got more tests tomorrow too
 ok jen is just skipping school tomorrow seniorrrrrrrrr	 it'll look bad if both she and i skipped considering the classes we have together lol
 ok well don't overwork urself we could always use some food cleanup service here if u change ur mind	 haha thanks
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xagxwuwqopa	 that is propaganda bullshit its not the machines its the liberalssss ok i actually watched now at the orthodontist and i gotta say that was kind of weak it doesn't have any proof or examples besides oh look musky and hawking said no. which in of itself is low effort since hawking was an astrophysicist i think it was more of a fear mongering video than it was an informative one
 lol i mean the capabilities of ai to do those things is within reach u don't need much technical evidence to support rhat	 but they keep showing clips of hardware which irks me or just their own animations the grasp lab has been tackling completely autonomous drones for a long time now and the best they gotten were in door drones that only didn't crash if the map was preloaded i'm not claiming to be an expert by any means but when ppl just claim that robots can do this or that in a few years without any evidence or any idea on how the tech actually works it just feels off tech rant over if my current views continue i could actually very easily end up in the militarized part of robotics lol i don't really have an exact road i want to go with this that's actually profitable i tend to rant about this stuff very easily lol has your stance on it changed at all?
 nope i think that there's a danger for ai to eventually have the capabilities to cause a lot of damage, but i don't think its a reason to try to stop innovation in any way, as the benefits will outweigh the harm also, just historically i think whenever we've had catastrophiclly dangerous weapons the world has been able to deal with it responsibly	 yeh i feel and holy shit hurst replied to me i thought i was dead in the water he invited me to the lab and recommended an old book by raibert that i should check out holy shit after all my rejections this is the best acceptance yet way better than any faceless institute saying yes, it's fucking jonathon hurst saying come visit i don't think i've actually cried from happiness before shit don't tell anyone that i cried it'll make me look like a 🐱
 🐱 dude that's awesome! you should try to get your parents to let u visit	 nah, we just absolutely don't have the funds rn but at least i have more motivation now
 ah ok	 i need to find a copy of legged robots that balance by mark raibert but it was made in 1986 and it's out of print
 oh lol probably ur best bet is used books	 or the trash can :'( t_t
 🐱	 this doesn't feel right all i did was send my resume and tell him i'm interested in his field
 what doesn't feel right	 do i really deserve something like this lol
 didnt he just invite u to visit his lab?	 at this point i thought i would just go to oregon and just disappear into the student body since i'm not good enough for much else he said "absolutely" to my question of whether or not being i would be able to work in his lab and then told me to go talk to him the moment i'm on campus idk it may be a really small thing but after all these rejections and no responses it just feels so nice to have a reply from him, especially since i admire his work so much maybe i'm just overreacting lol, it was just an email after all
 oh that's awesome i didn't k he already approved u working in his lab dude your settttt. if u make a good impression, he can be like ur guiding person through college and also industry i'm sure he has lots of connections everywhere, and if he's gonna recommend anyone from osu it's gonna be u	 probably should go fix my hair when i'm on campus in the fall thanks thanks man, i'm just excited to be able to get a nice email from him and not another one of those "i'm sorry to inform you..." lol, maybe i can make up for my father's time spent in the mountains training in martial arts with a master i could maybe live in the forests of oregon, learning from a master roboticist
 lmaooo you'll come out of ur training being on of those hippie technologists with long hair who live in a cabin you'll preach the salvation of legged robotics, but humanity wont be ready for such enlightenment	 i'll go down that homeless route from choice of robots lol
 lmao church of the legged robot u need to find ur tammy	 i'll be rooting for you to find your elly lao who doesn't friendzone you
 🐱 not possible i think the lesson here is i should just kiss every girl who agrees to have dinner with me	 but have you ever even kissed a girl before? i haven't t_t
 lol no	 don't worry theodore twombly couldn't kiss his beloved an ai
 lol well that is until the hired girl part i feel like by the time they have ai that advanced, there definitely will be able to pair sex toys to the ais actually before they even get that advanced, someone will make it happen ppl are horny af	 japan already made porn vr games complete with uh "physical" interactions we're stepping on a very fine line between progress and straying more and more from god's light lmaoo
 lol well "sex sells" what if legged robot's primary application becomes a toy for ppl with leg fetishes	 i would end that so quickly what if there are sex ai's would you endorse that?
 i mean what part of sex do u need for it to be an ai if sex ais make a big breakthrough in ai technology i would endorse it	 holy shit you're going to be a robo pimp
 lol hey its primarily the hardware	 vr or ar could really take off ;) is there sci oly this friday btw?
 ya there should be if chaks is accomadating why?	 sarah asked if i was free friday
 ah ya there's apparently a movie thing at farzanas i'm going after sci oly	 ooh ic ic hmm perhaps i'll go, idk what other stuff i have to do
 ye u should come	 is k here today? nvm you coming today? where u at boiii
 ya im coming but first gotta watch nina lizzie and vivienne present at the junior fin lit assembly thing	 kkkk
 they said it would be at 10 lol but it just started i don't think i'll be there during winblock	 here's a progress report i can't be here during d block due to another surprise quiz i found out about for psych
 👌👌👌 ok	 i'm not sure what we're going to do for the mid black lineup if you read the notes we got quite the strange problem on our hands we could technically magic turn fix it but then that would cost a lot of time readjusting things i was able to get in like 7 runs and it just missed the second dump a couple times cuz of the mid black lineup problem surprisingly the arm is also seemingly more and more inconsistent with the discgrab if it misses be sure to stop the program immediately or else the servos going to suffer from strain
 inconsistent in which way	 i also fiddled with the teeth a bit but i have seen it actually effect much inconsistent as in when i added 100 to the value it hit too low and when i subtracted 100 it still hit too low 🐱
 uh	 maybe the arm doesn't have enough time to settle into position before it drives forward but i kind of doubt that anyway, my notes i left you above the main should tell ya the rest it also has a small list of todos
 ok sweet	 there's been an interesting push for hri recently i noticed
 wdym?	 nah i just noticed there's been more news and papers on it like it was always a thing but i noticed more content from that field so far in this young year you up for d block today? ill get you a pass i suppose
 i just got fucked in the aas	 where you at lol i feel
 physics	 i'm in the hall where u at bruh  you missed a call from foxy roxy.
 i was making up the physics rest i got fisted a 2nd time	 🐱 this is pretty fun you wanna join?
 🐱 r u still skateboarding	 yeee wanna hop on for a carve? broooo
 lol for a carve i'm technically in e club rn	 you wanna be cool nerd? when does that end?
 5 where r u rn?	 almost st the school where u at
 upstairs caf do u need me to open a door	 i'm behind you jk i'm at the back door where you at ok back parking lot
 oh i'm in the botball room	 bruh lol do you see me outside once the motor and remote comes in i should be able to just put together an electric skateboard straight up i found the reason why hurst is at oregon "he was drawn to the new program in corvallis, because he saw it as fertile ground for something big. 'there was very good leadership in the department, and there was support and freedom to build a research group or a program or anything we wanted to do,' he recalled. 'i got the sense that the sky was the limit.' " that makes sense i think he was the first actual full robotics background member there and so he took advantage of that and did what he wanted with lots of support -> legged locomotion clever
 wow interesting smart choices	 not many places will let you go make a legged robot and then your own business lol barn man also apparently is also still an roboticist in the institute oregon really does let their roboticists do whatever they want
 that's a preview of what you'll get there	 unlimited resources
 finally ur dream of eating resources without being accountable for them	 jk jk lol you know me so well
 also when did u decide on camille? :o	 iman's been bringing it up for a while and at some point camille mentioned it and then i jokingly asked kelvin if he wanted to go with me and he said yes and then camille was there and i asked her and she said she would
 oh camille already knows?	 and then i said i was joking and she said something along the lines of come onnnn i don't think so i bet she still thinks i don't have anything planned
 oh damn she's begging for that d 😩😩😩💦💦💦 that direct approach	 holy shit, da heck bruh lol are you uh, doin' alright? did the fr and mc combo fuk you up really badl
 nah i was fucked up already	 i was also kind of hesitant since i thought that kelvin and jason liked her or something so i didn't want to like make anything awkward but idk their situation and its just prom and memes so i suppose it could be alright
 but if ur just asking her to prom it's no biggie	 yeh that was my concluding thought to it when are you going to go to ayiadiah's prom?
 uh end of may i think	 oh after we get out of school? wowow
 no actually may 12th	 maybe you can get the opposite of arctic monkey's no. 1 party anthem oh that's a lot earlier than i thought lol that actually sounds really early
 what if i tell her i need to study for aps jk	 don't do that lol you should say sat subject tests instead 🐱 you should ask the dj to play a slow artic monkey song
 ooh actually ya	 i bet that'll be nice slow dance jk idk how to dance
 lol aadhya is the farthest from the slow dance type	 that's a real good point if you just end up arm wrestling the whole prom send pics or maybe you guys can tongue wrestle lol
 lol ew	 can you forge me a pass lol
 ya sure lol	 wait jk k is back
 ok i'm at botball now	 stairs are going to kill me i think i just landed an internship and scholarship with the military version of the ieee
 oh what	 i got a call from the fellowship while i was working out and unfortunately it was kind of loud
 damnnn son	 so i heard, are you still free for the 10 weeks? and there will be more info coming by mail and a banquet?
 whats the company?	 should i call again? apparently it's a group of companies and contractors should i call??
 wait is this someone you emailed? or they just called u lol	 both
 hmmm	 i think i'm going to call again
 if u think u missed a lot of important info i would call back, but if they said more information would be coming by mail ok	 oh shit it's confirmed looks like i'm going to a banquet
 ooh nice! wait so what is the company tho lol or its multiple? but which is the one your interning for	 she didn't say which place, apparently the places that are interested will contact me separately
 ah ic wait so is the internship confirmed or just the banquet?	 lol and here i thought it would go like college admissions and everyone will reject me since i keep talking about robot shit both
 also what's the organization called thats holding the banquet	 afcea armed forces communications and electronics association
 lmao nah man the real industry loves robo stuff. they don't care if you blog about veitnamese food or not 🐱	 looks like i'm officially walking the path of the "dark" side that makes me sad about the college process and their priorities then lol wow i guess i do appeal to the people in the field a lot more than the liberal arts aos
 dang this is like a really big organization congrats man this is big news they probably have plenty of parts to steal	 really? how big are they? i didn't do that much of a background check lol i'll be snowden at that rate
 following the american civil war, the united states veterans signal association was formed from the original signal corps established under major albert j. myer of the u.s. army.

this organization was active for many years, ultimately being augmented by veterans from the spanish–american war and world war i. another world war i group, the american signal corps association, merged with the u.s. veterans signal association in 1918 and was active until 1944 (world war ii).

in may 1946, major general harry c. ingles, brigadier general david sarnoff, and a number of industrial leaders joined to found the army signal association, absorbing the remaining chapters of its predecessors.

in 1947, with the unification of the services, the name was changed to armed forces communications association, and in 1954 the name evolved as the armed forces communications and electronics association. in 1979 afcea became international with the establishment of chapters in europe, asia and canada. seems like they're pretty big and have lots of history with government and military	 wow maybe i'll go down the military route
 when you shake the presidents hand make sure to throw a coin in her face that unlocks the world domination route 🐱 did they say when the banquet is?	 lol that would be funny and idk they said that all the details will come later i think you're right connections really do go far
 http://www.afceaboston.com/upcomingevents.asp
theres the boston chapter of afcea welcome to the afcea boston home page for the lexington-concord chapter. it looks like the event will probably be the afcea gala on may 5th	 lol you're fast at googling what would i do without ya thanks man haha
 lol np im just excited for u even if ur joining the d a r k s i d e	 🐱 lol i'll be building robos to fight china giant mecha here i come
 lol	 you at the school rn? skating in the wet snow i found can be dangerous luckily since there was so much snow and wet dirt i didn't "get hurt"
 lol be careful ya i'm in botball but i'm not working on chad rn	 aight i suppose i can drop by when are we going? you got an eta?  you missed a call from foxy roxy.  you missed a call from foxy roxy. wanna go to a talk on april 10th?
 ooh on my bday what talk	 https://events.attend.com/f/1383784152#/reg/0/
 oh lol daniella rus was our opening speaker for the first mahacks	 wait really lol so no to this talk?
 well idk what it's about	 there isn't much info about it besides its title “one robot for every task” http://www.ece.neu.edu/events/one-robot-every-task distinguished speaker series in roboticsone robot for every taskdaniela rusdirector of the mit computer science and artificial intelligence laboratory (csail)reception to follow i think she might've given it before but i haven't seen it it sure sounds interesting applications perhaps? you down? and since it's your bday i got'chu, coverin' the costs
 nah i can cover the cost sounds interesting, id be down to come but it's at 4:30, not sure if i can get out of track that early	 you can say you have a doctor appointment ;)
 i think i've already made that excuse	 maybe say you're feeling sick?
 i've also already done that one lol	 apparently my folks met yours in san diego and talked about college essays lol
 what	 what is the time frame for track
 when how	 idk my pops just walked to me and told me that apparently my folks were on a business trip that explains a lot this week
 wait my parents were in san diego this week *werent	 oh wait nvm lol he said jeffery not justin ok nvm i was so confused there
 lol ok	 jeffery is my cousin
 ahh	 he's our age, and is in jhu
 hmmm so the events in northeastern?	 yup yup we're about to do rwdc rn skateboarded here that was fun how was yc
 i didn't go, i'm at a family thing more like family thing came up out of the blu	 oooh ic ic i think you might find this article interesting https://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robotics/home-robots/fribo-a-robot-for-people-who-live-alone this little robot listens to what goes on in your life and helps to keep you connected with your friends probably one of the more interesting robot ideas or just tech ideas in general it's a social robot but the robot doesn't interact it's merely a middleman that isn't controlled by anyone
 this feels like a jibo 2.0 fribo	 nah dude it's not an assistant idk what to call it if you take a read it's just really interesting
 oh wow that is a really interesting i can imagine it would also be used a lot by family members and couples who live long distance it would be nice to have this for ashley in chicago	 wanna make one for her? and right?? its a really interesting concept we could even try it out
 i'm wondering how many "living noises" it can recognize	 idk it's probably sampled and or learned but it must be quite a few giving the reactions and reports of the test users actually that might be interesting to make you could make it learn and get better at recognizing sounds fribo would actually be rather cheap to make oh yeh, are you still up for the talk?
 lemme check the transportation welp there aren't a lot of good options the best would be to uber to alewife station, or to uber to cambridge st @ high st bus stop which goes to alewife http://miter.mit.edu/articlerejection-gene/ nikolas m., 1 a friend of mine — a classmate, really — is the definition of mischievously handsome: 90% cheekbones, 10% daredevil. he is not just attractive relative to mit standards; he is magnetic and dashing in the absolute. tall and bronzed and chiseled with dark twinkling eyes, he has the l... rejection can make you a better entrepreneur :d ha ha ha haha its a pretty interesting article ^ on the psychology of entrepreneurs and why guys tend to be more inclined for it than girls this guy is my cpw host: http://joelgustafson.com/	 things were cool until "shepherd humanity toward a stable hive mind" i value the individual a lot more than a hive mind rn lol
 lmao he seems like a really interesting dude he also lives in the zeta psi frat lmao so that's where i'll be staying	 holy shit you're going to be joining a frat that early? 🐱
 🐱 mit predicted my intentions	 maybe that individuality mindset is why i don't like the idea of robots of just being tools like the computer truly is the ultimate tool, a bicycle for the mind, (i think jobs said that?) but i think robots should be more independent, they should be the partners of mankind, like how dogs help and provided companionship for humanity for years oop, feeling more thinky today
 well i don't think a hive mind needs robots also hive minds could just be that everyone is connected in the way they share information, like modern social media but a lot more intimate doesn't mean ppl will lose individuality	 the moment that everyone starts thinking more similar to one another, would that not be the start of the hive and the end of the individual though maybe i need to have more faith in humanity lol, we can't even have ppl agree on guns let alone move onto a hive mind
 welll maybe having more direct access to information and other ppl's opinions would help the world agree on issues more i mean trump's voter base is already basically an uninformed hive mind they all agree on things that are objectively false	 that's true, but the idea that a hive mind will only have one way of looking at things is still rather concerning if i were to subscribe to the idea of a hive mind it would have to be open to every single piece of information and look at it from multiple views
 ya that's what i mean, everyone would have equal access to information as well as other people's opinions i tink the biggest concern is the susceptibility to attacks. if the collective network of information that everyone uses is compromised than that is really scary	 isn't that an ideal version of the internet? for example, if google suddenly got destroyed most ppl wouldn't know how to use the internet anymore
 ya, i think it will be an evolution of the internet	 but google's control over the information could also be concerning due to the fact that they can and do choose what links and info that ppl see/first see but it's not like i've personally run into things like that before lol, just  a hypothetical also this rejection article really sounds like it was written for you
 thanks :'(	 not a criticism and more of a question i'm reading a lot about "mit's tech obsession startup" thing but i can only name one mit tech startup turn full company irobot
 i mean intell	 (i wouldn't count bd since they never actually made a product, from their inception to almost now, they are more of a military contractor than anything else. though they are about to put a price on spot mini this summer lol)
 how do u define mit tech startup?	 "intel was founded in mountain view, california in 1968 by gordon e. moore (of "moore's law" fame), a chemist, and robert noyce, a physicist and co-inventor of the integrated circuit."
 there are a bunch of companies whos founders were grads of mit	 lol wat by mit startup i was thinking more of the startup itself coming from mit
 but mit didn't have like a dedicated entrepreneurial program for incubating startups until like later	 if we are talking about the grads of ppl making companies then apple would be a berkeley/reed startup lol
 dropbox buzzfeed	 buzzfeed?!
 khan academy	 idk if you wanna be tied to that name
 a lot of mit companies go into industries most pppl wouldn't hear about i mean how many startups do you know of total who were founded at the university who became full companies	 very little the biggest example would probably be facebook
 ya but harvard had no involvement in that lol zuckerberg had to make it at harvard cuz he was still a student	 the original database was taken from harvard and it was used there before spreading i'm saying that facebook seems to have deeper roots in harvard than irobot does at mit
 hmm i guess how many startups do you know in general	 i can name you a shit ton of robot startups lol otherwise not much
 i feel like theres an overfascination with a very few very flashy startups who got their own movies. 99.999% of startups no one would have heard about even if they're very succesful	 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojtfocnguoe&index=79&list=pljvzmmbpmgnyqm9snyluwqgekxnt8kjwx here ya go, i think you might enjoy this song i mean the only two that really got movies would be fb and apple right? but to be fair they did change the world way more than most companies/startups ever did in their whole lifetime of operation
 ya but i mean like high profile startups	 and they also had lots of internal drama that easily lent itself to a story lol
 i think most of mit's startups don't target an entire mass market but go into things like development of tech in underdeveloped nations or build components of larger industries like accion no one hears about those companies even if they make a huge impact	 that brings up an old question i think i asked you once concrete changed the ancient world but would you want to be known as the guy who made concrete?
 i mean ya if concrete made a huge impact i don't want to be the guy who makes slightly better concrete lol, but if the invention of concrete makes a huge impact on the world than ya obviously it sounds boring now but it would be revolutionary in the ancient world inventing concrete back then is like inventin carbon nanotubes now	 (btw that article was an interesting read, but the proposal at the end would imply that society itself would have to change up how they treat gender norms, which is a huge leap) yeh right everyone knows woz as the guy who made a pc and they know as jobs who brought that pc to the market but no one remembers the guy who made it better i think that innovation has to reach a certain point of performance changing before it becomes relevant otherwise it's merely an upgrade not an innovation
 true but you don't have to have invented something to have made a huge impact, i think innovations as long as they're disruptive and innovative also work like elon musk	 this joel guy is quite the intellectual memer lol

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/dzy9z7zx4aexuh6.jpg  maybe that's just the autistic artistic side of me speaking lol something about making something is intrinsically different than improving something of course the lines blur a lot, like with the wright brothers, they improved other's designs and made their own to produce the first airplane
 but i mean in that cast woz didn't actually make the pc	 yeh exactly so that's why i believe the line that separates innovation and inventing is comprised of two things impact on people and people's reception and feedback technology nowadays is nothing but building on top of others robotics was always and still even building from tech from other fields, (bd's hydraulics were actually modified jet hydraulics) but people call bd's robots new inventions rather than innovations not because they are ill informed but because they truly believe it though now we're delving into philosophy and how people perceive and shit lmao but i think technology has a very primal bound with people. an ideal piece of technology meant for people in general should not require people to spend a lot of time learning how to operate it. the moment that you need shit tons of training to use something it becomes more of a tool than anything else but who the fuk knows rn, these are all just thoughts 🐱 i need to find some pants btw do you have my drill? ben mentioned you might have it all my tools are scattered everywhere lol sam has my hotglue gun, ben has the jigsaw, and the drill isn't at my place
 nope i never took anything back to my house	 welp shiz oh yeh, want anything for your bday? i can't exactly buy or build an optimized ml computer for you but i can probably come up with something else lol
 lmao nah it's all good i don't really want anything	 once i get my first paycheck i'll get ya an e-board perhaps
 nah man it's fine i didn't really get u anything except cold ones	 a shit ton of cold ones then? lol
 lmao i'll take a green tea cold one it's fine tho i don't really need anything	 how about what did you say on friday? a ruth fund?
 lol a roth ira fund my mom wanted me to put all my accion money in there	 some people wisely save their money for the future some people splurge and buy instant gratification items like a new car or electronic device and there's the fuktards like me who buy ultimately useless robotics parts 🐱 but that high amp voltage regulator doe! is this thing just for retirement? can you not take out the cash anytime you want?
 i'm not sure i forget there's something about how it only makes sense for long term	 you think i'mma live _that_ long?? how could you leave me on read on that clearly conversation ending message sad tears doucheface sorry i couldn't help myself 🐱 btw i'm confirmed going to the talk on tuesday so if you wanna hop on with me then feel free
 ok i'm not sure that the transportation would work out also i'm at the mall and i'm so lost	 why are you at the mall lol transportation should work out it'll just be the train orange line to ne right
 well cuz i have to be at track it would have to be at least after 3 and idk when i will be able to slip out	 you can say you have a dentist appointment perhaps what other appointments can you say, i'm starting to run or lmao
 ive covered doctors, feeling sick, going to a job the thing is i skipped this saturday practice and i wont be there monday and i'll be skipping next thurs and fri and sat due to cpw lol so he might get really pissed	 perhaps you can be like "college stuff" you could also just say you will for sure make up for the missed days lol
 true but i won't lol	 if you don't mind (idk if you are able to go or not) i'm going to go hunting for the book on tuesday too most libraries don't have it lol i only found it in harvard and mit mit it's got a fat red x, meaning that it's not available or just missing i suppose harvard i might need a pass however the boston public library has a dusty old copy, but it's deemed "in-library use" so i can't exactly just take it i'mma ask damian and rebecca if they can help should i ask kendall too? or maybe john na fuk why is this book so hard to find it feels like i'm questing to find a sacred item to start my training i found a pricing for it for $50,000 fuk me how was the mall?
 it was fun just got back	 wowow what did you do there for so long and who were you mallin' with?
 i was with aadhya i tried on new clothes but it feels wierd to put on clothes not from costco	 holy fuck you were on a date?! have you found your tammy already?! and you tried on clothing _for fun_ ?! who the fuk are you jk jk sounds like a nice new experience
 lol it was more of a friend date	 what is that supposed to mean might wanna come back soon btw
 ya i'm heading back	 🐱 i'll be working for booz allen this is where edward snowden got contracted with the nsa and leaked the info he got fired lol
 ?	 the company i'm at this summer booz allen hamilton it's where snowden was
 oooh	 he was an employee, got contracted on the nsa project leaked the info got fired fled holy shit this place is 104 years old i'm getting closer and closer to the "dark" side 🐱
 🐱 do u k what ur gonna be doing there	 nope no idea probs finding out at the banquet i guess i should watch what i say now happy birthday!! you're finally 18 now old af 🍻
 🐱 thanksss	 we'll go grab some cold ones and meme and or talk ;)
 sounds good	 i'm almost done with the chad log keep in mind these were done with the old poms
 yo uh do u have track pants i could borrow lol	 yeh but where are you
 i just got back from field trip	 when does the train leave? i can skate back to my house to grab some pants
 2:43	 otherwise we can switch pants lol
 do u have class rn?	 i'm in math
 ok i'm in a study for the rest of break	 would you be up for that?
 *class ya lol i'm fine with switching pants if u are	 wait my pants aren't the best for track either i just realized lol
 but if u have time to get pants, or if you trust me to stop by your house to grab them	 my house is locked lol
 oh welp	 i think i can skate there and get back just be outside along my street to the school i suppose
 ok thanks if u trust me with a key i can also run back and get it	 if this kind of stuff happens next year i'm not going to fly back lol well idk if you want to walk in here ask for me keys in the middle of class i'm taking a dump rn bye
 lol it's ok there'll be extra pants in my frat	 bye
 🐱	 btw 🐱
 ok ya i don't thin k i can leave actually rn	 extra pants that the girls left behind from the party? 🐱
 🐱	 yeh i'll just be skating as fast as i can lol
 cuz we are just so close of friends she feels comfortable taking off her pants while we have a friendly discussion	 lol why are you taking off your pants? well we're good friends so you know aight imma get back to class rn ttyl
 me: i'd really like to see you with ur pants off.
girl: oh i'm so glad we're close enough friends to be comfortable doing that! cya thanks for the pants in advance	 are you on the street?
 coming down now ok i'm there	 the street? i don't see you lol spruce
 oh hold on ya i c u i'll just walk toward ur house	 holy crap i thought the outbound was mine lol the bathrooms here are so clean
 lmaooo	 i'm lost already there's no one here 🐱 oh wait it starts at 4:30 *whew i was worried there for a second
 oh lmao	 the organizers and rus are here now lol i'm just sitting here awkwardly
 lol wait go strike up a convo perfect networking time	 they're having a convo separately they're talking about the gripper of the pr2 and control theory i'm surprised i can keep up rn
 u should still go up and introduce yourself	 i'll wait until they finish their convo or there's a good point to talk oh shut someone already got turned down lol welp
 ? how	 oh wait not turned down it was just a quick intro uh oh maybe i'll do it after
 nah man afterwards there will be so many ppl asking and sometimes they have to leave right away trust me this is the best time while barely anyone is there	 crap there are so many ppl around her now holy shit the harvard octopus man is here
 r they all trying to talk to her?	 yeh lol
 welp	 there's like 5 ppl around her now 6 back to 5 🐱
 u should go start off by saying your a high school student that will get her attention	 what if i get rejected 🐱 oh shiz big name ppl are around i think i missed my opportunity shit there's another long boarder in this room my skateboard now has company in the corner of the room
 lmaoo	 hmmm idk if i should've mentioned i was a highschooler
 really? why	 the moment i did their tone and discussion immediately dumbed down a bit idk it felt a bit patronizing but that might be just me one prof from the side tried to explain to me how sensors can be used to help dynamic balance lol idk do you think i'm overreacting? my question was just brushed off and not answered lol the guy before me asked if robots can hurt ppl randomly since they can learn and he got a full answer that was fleshed out and detailed about algorithms part of her work was making programs that allow everyday ppl to design and make robots so my question was what about dynamic locomotion? due to the mechanical complexity and precision of legged robots how and would the program automatically change the users design to allow walking and if it changes the design would the user still be satisfied with the performance? how would you make the trade off if there would be one and all i got was a "yes with sensors" 🐱 i'm not exaggerating this either time to find that book i suppose got the book fuk it great day finally if i paid for this thing i would be paying around a dollar per page lol still wanna go to the winblock sculpture thing tomorrow? wait how does one photocopy 100+ pages
 uh there are scanner apps on ur phone	 oh smart let's make a robot that turns the page and then has another arm to hold the phone and press the screen to take pics
 lol and i needs to have legs bc how else will the robot walk up tot he book and pick it up 🐱	 tru you n we a pass? need robots aren't printable
 fuck you	 did ya finish the webassign?
 sshit	 here you go http://faculty.kfupm.edu.sa/phys/akmekki/chapter11.pdf

http://www.fzk.yildiz.edu.tr/images/files/fiz1001_u7_en.pdf

https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20120604172615aanf41o

https://web.njit.edu/~gary/111/assets/hw9_sol.pdf these are in order
 <3 thanks man aw shit there are 3 of them	 number 5 is

k = 23/48 mr^2 w^2, but w being the little omega
 im gonna just email carlson asking for an extension	 yeh lol, it's a grind let me know if you got any questions and take pics of cpw, i wanna see if rus sneaked in a dunk tank lol i'll just be studying raibert's book  "form follows function"
 lol wut	 ppl are harassing robots jk it's pretty clever
 lmao oh have i told you how i might be kidnapped at cpw	 wat
 i was talking to alex martirosian about mit so they do these things called tangerine tours where they ask you to meet at a certain location at a certain time usually after midnight and masked mit students take you on an edgy tour of mit's tunnels and rooftops so out of nowhere she tips me off:

"yeah so do this one thing on friday night -- head to lobby 7 before 10 pm, and by 10 pm, gather a group of 10 ppl and sit down quietly in a circle

it has to be exactly 10.

wear close toed shoes and don't be under any influence

tell me the next day how it goes
"	 don't do drugs dude dddd d4
 i'm gonna get kdinapped ol	 where does buzz find this legendary level of memeage lol and yeh man that sounds hella sketch closed toe shoes that sounds like you're going to have to run through some sketchy shit lol
 lmao that technician	 "these gloves are not good for this purpose" "nowadays everything blows up" this is too good how long are you going to be drugged at mit?
 from tomorrow until sunday noon there are some hardcore frat parties on saturday night lol	 wait are you serious dude can i crash one
 y *ya ofc dude	 aight i'll probs be roaming/studying the book during the day and then i'll head to where ever the party is in the evening
 lol actually alright some of them are hardcore they all start at 10 pm https://cpw2018.mit.edu/meetings?query=party&&classes[]=groups%3a%3ameetings%3a%3ameeting	 i mean there are 2 worst case scenarios 1. it's too much and i retreat somewhere and read the book 2. i get destroyed and wake up sunday in some random ass place
 lol does osu have frats?	 idk actually they must the school has 30k ppl but since i'm in the honors program with like 1k ppl max. i might be a bit isolated from the rest of them let me check holy shit they have a lot well scratch that idk what the average number is for a college i'm probably not going to go near them though unless i make a good friend who's associated with them this might be my new favorite book it's really cool to see what his lab/work was back then holy shit raibert is a genius i didn't even know about some of the concepts/things to keep in mind in this book i think i found my favorite word silience

n. the kind of unnoticed excellence that carries on around you every day, unremarkably—the hidden talents of friends and coworkers, the fleeting solos of subway buskers, the slapdash eloquence of anonymous users, the unseen portfolios of aspiring artists—which would be renowned as masterpieces if only they’d been appraised by the cartel of popular taste, who assume that brilliance is a rare and precious quality, accidentally overlooking buried jewels that may not be flawless but are still somehow perfect.
 woah that got really deep is your emo phase coming back 🐱	 🐱 it's a state of fluctuation btw the band saint motel is really good
 i'll check them out	 zeta psi huh? oh i was just about to say lol those wall addups of the guys in suits i believe it's from tarantino's first film
 isn't it godfather	 reservoir dogs
 ah ok	 or maybe it's goodfellas by martin scorsese
 ya each room has it's own theme with pop culture references so joel's is called mafia there's a godfather painting on the door	 lol nah man godfather only had a handful gun shoot out scenes, it was always more political action that lead up to a big kill rather than just action scenes ooh that's pretty neat sounds a lot more unique than most frats lol
 nah i think most frats have their own unique things tho he did say they're frat is more quirky than most	 idk why i keep assuming i know frats, all i've seen are buzz's alcohol ridden buildings hmm, just don't trip out so soon man *too soon
 apparently the entire campus is dry during cpw so no hardcore parties	 so i shouldn't come visit on saturday? 🐱
 🐱	 that's a tad disappointing so no parties to crash? that's a pretty nice looking frat though
 i mean there are parties but just not intense ones ya it's a nice frat	 ahh ic ic hmm so it would you think it would be worth to drop by? besides some college stuff in the morn/noon i don't have much i think (besides rwdc) wanna sneak into some robo/ai/tech events around boston this summer? jk nvm most have a bit too much security
 about to go see atlas	 i've never seen a baxter with a different base before i wonder why it has a shorter one which ver of atlas? oooh the drc one do they still use it? i know that ihmc still does amazing work with theirs but the rest of them, from wpi to cmu have gone kinda quiet like the valkeryie units actually i know that russ tedrake is still using old atlas models for some of his algorithm and simulation work lol sorry about all the techno mumble jumble i just don't usually get to discuss this kind of stuff how's your visit so far?
 i'm pretty sure they don't actively work on it my tour guide is from the leg lab lol	 holy shit what whats their name dude being from the leg lab is like being from willow garage!!! and it's a same to have such an amazing robot just sitting there.... unless they're going to put it in a museum what did they work on in the leg lab where they a technician, a grad student? always good to see a pr2 still hanging around
 he's a sophomore so he did an urop	 they're like the hallmark of a nice robotics lab lol wait wut the original leg lab closed down i'm pretty sure hurst was one of the last people to work there for a bit i believe how did he do an urop? unless it's the locomotion group and not the original leg lab was the official name the robot locomotion group? the one run by tedrake lol sorry for all the messages i just really want to make sure my info is accurate feel free to ignore this and just enjoy yourself man are you doing that 10 pm thing tonight or tomorrow? holy fuck i just saw that toilet bruh that's next level bro right there 🐱
 🐱	 skating makes you more tired than i first thought no wonder skaters are so lean btw you might wanna email haver or see him immediately after break
 oh shit forgot abour that	 it's so nice today nvm fuck bugs by any chance was the blonde women on the left in that video joyce sidopoulos? and lol jibo really does have impressive smooth movements they did a study recently on robo faces and for some reason the average person didn't like jibos face (though all the presented faces were static images) dude i don't know what happened
 woah roy you pimp slayin girls left and right	 i don't think i'm doing that i also have never been in a relationship nor kissed a girl 🐱
 because u slayin them too hard	 also this book proposes that the control theory behind a single leg can apply to any number of legs with the addition of a bookkeeping system to record and coordinate the multiple legs as long as a certain number of legs coordinate together as a "virtual leg" .... i think that message just proved i'm not a slayer fuck did you do that 10pm thing btw? meet any cool ppl?
 that's today at 10	 yooo take some crazy vids dude get the hype going
 lol i'm probably gonna do underground capture the flag i might stop by one of the ragers later	 the 10 thing is supposed to be a rager?
 idk it sounds like it	 did alexandria tell you what it was in the end? ooohh ic ic
 "unleash your inner panther with the bros of nu delta"	 who knows dude, maybe cheetah guy will come and punch you in the face during it oh ok nvm lol wtf
 i went on the tangerine tour yesterdsy it went until 4:30 am	 "inner panther"

well a panther is a type of cat 🐱
 it was sicc tho	 tangerine?
 🐱 it's called the tangerine tour basically we tour all the nooks and crannys we also sat on top of the big dome	 oh wow, so you got to see all the insides and out? dayumnn so you could sneak anyone into anywhere now?
 it's probably a terrible idea to bring 300 sleep deprived kids to climb a dome lol i mean no one checks so u could totally come	 lol, aight whenever i get the chance to visit let's throw robots off of the dome and that's a hella lot of kids lol how's capture the flag going? btw my schedule is pretty packed for this break so the time i can be at botball will be a bit sporadic to say the least
 oh ok how come?	 rwdc, which also leads me to have to get a "suit" and family friends are coming for some reason did not expect this break to get filled up shuddering at the idea of having to dress fancy
 lol wait i thouht u guys were done is it just practicing presentations?	 there's a lot to present a lot a lot i keep thinking that the rwdc work is done every time we press send but it's never done fuk dude i have so much catching up to do whoa dude i wonder if it's dangerous to skate during an ice shower
 wait what do you need to catch up on?	 i don't even understand some of the equations so far and how he derived them
 well thats normal	 normal isn't the goal though lol wow that was edgy 🐱 wtf am i doing you coming today? you didnt respond to me?!!?!!? not even the respect to leave me on read sad tear 😭 xd xd
 lmao i cant come today	 wipe that smirk off your douche face xd xd fam squa aight get some rest man i'll keep you updated
 ok thanks!	 there's so many new problems you up for a call later to discuss possible solutions? name some times if you're up for it
 oh shit really ya sure uh how about like 8	 sounds good i'll be working here until ~5 i went surfing today lol i feel asleep you feeling better? hmm i do hope you're feeling better i'm about to give ya a call  foxy roxy called you. use protection next time 🐱
 🐱	 no ones here lol you feeling better?
 welp ya i'm feeling slightly better at least good enough to go to a mun meeting at 5:30 today. i'll probably come to botball afterwards	 i heard the mun meeting takes like three hours lol
 ya i don't think it will tho	 we've just had our biggest failed run
 ouch	 🐱
 wait whats happening to chad	 i'm going to kill myself it was getting consistent and then it was like nope
 🐱	 wait wouldn't mun and rwdc overlap today then?
 ya but jen isnt going to the mun meeting	 ohhh that was still one of the most savage things you have ever said "oh look jenns leaving again after another hard working day at botball"
 oh lmao ya she would murder me if she heard that	 meet any ellies at mit?
 lol no	 wat
 well there was one girl shes a prefrosh. im gonna see her again at visitas	 lol so she's like you? wait you guys planned to see each other again? wow you slayer
 no no shes also got into harvard we said we would meet up at visitas	 boiii you out there slaying sick, love sick?
 jeezus 🐱	 🐱
 its actually crazy cuz i was messaging her like back in december cuz she was in a harvard group chat and we talked in pm and on the first day i bump into her as one of the first people i met	 destiny?
 shut up lol were just friends tho shes pretty cute ngl but we dont k eachother well enough	 i'll be your wingman i'll fall over on my board and then you can take it say this is how it's really done shred the roads at 50mph and impress her what does she look like?
 https://www.facebook.com/saradduu ^link^	 wow her last name is almost yours holy shit she lives in ucla? she's breaking all your standards! jk hk what is she interested in? also tech? sara du, justin yu du yu do yu do you perfect
 wow ya shes into cs she also loves going to hackathons	 this is too good man if she also has an artistic side then remember don't say you're precious to me and that you enjoy your time together just go for the kiss 🐱
 🐱 what r u doing in boston?	 ros meet the gocart robot looks like a fridge and oven lol
 sicc	 if you wanna come you should sign up asap
 i think ill pass for this one	 whoa first time i saw messenger fail
 woah	 should i submit this as a big? big bug not big bug just bug
 lol i mean u could if u wabt	 i'll fucking due the shit out of zuck better lawyer up asshole
 🐱	 now you just have a red mark lol should i report it? kinda wanna explore this myself damn sam destroyed you did you want aiyadiah to come lol
 ya wow nah she was alrready going shopping tomorrow so i said we could meet up but turns out shes not goung shopping	 oh wow wanna meet up with her huh you sure you ain't got a thing going on with her?
 ya im sure lol i dont like her in that way	 just really close friends?
 i mean pretty flise friends *close	 so who would be a really close friend then lol btw shouldn't you be getting sleep rn if you were just sick lol
 ya	 🐱 what are you doing so late
 literslly nothinf lol i have no good reason to be awake	 are ya just chatting with ppl or something
 ya lol	 go get em tiger are ya talking about angsty life stuff or just chilling lol
 talkinf about life stuff with sarah mainly girls lol	 lol i was right on the money i was suspecting something along those lines it'll be alright man, you'll meet the perfect someone one day
 girls = angst life stuff :'(	 are you just feeling lonely and stufd
 nah nit reallt ae just got in a conversation and it went to girls	 here's some not super edgy but kinda along your style of songs https://youtu.be/nbaexyoya3k https://youtu.be/ygmz8hzpix8 https://youtu.be/h6-h1giwwsi saint motel is hella good for elise is a nice twist on the classic chords oh i just realized i still need to buy you some cold ones
 yo roy boi when ru getting here?	 shit just woke up coming
 what are your thoughts on this song https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kp7esuu9oy8&list=rdkp7esuu9oy8&index=1 the image is really creepy lol	 geezus dude what are you doing up so late
 i kinda just didn't wanna sleep but i have actual work i need to finish for winmun	 ooh gam i i
 wbu	 gambino i was doing rwdc
 ofc lol	 this was the song from the beginning of get out it became a meme for a bit i think it's alright not something i would specifically search out to listen to rn are you into it?
 oh really? i heard of it bc there was an acappella group at mit that performed this	 it's probably cuz i heard it so much already lol
 and i didn't like it at first but i listened to it a few times and its not bad tho also not really my type of music	 ahh ic ic some of the modern rap and trap crap coming out i can't get behind but songs like that i like you've been staying up late a lot recently...
 psh im fineeee	 are you just thinking more about the future since high schools essentially done?
 ya i guess i'm kinda just staying up cuz i don't want to sleep tho i just don't feel tired yet	 that could be all the sugar from yesterday coursing through your veins lol 1997 from saint motel i think you should check out it's got that kinda slow but still fast enough slight melancholy vibe i saw one comment that said something about how the song can really closely describe the cult mass suicide in 1997 so that's kinda morbid
 oh wut	 ikr didn't expect that is vara alright lol i saw what happened
 lol he's salty	 chad can pick up botguy? be careful man we don't want to overload the servos which will fry our ports lol
 ya we just wanted to see what would happen lol tho if somehow we can revamp the claw a bit, there's a crazy idea we had junior can pick up botguy and set it on top of chads claw and all chad needs to do is lift itself up and drive forward a bit and boom lol only 70% meming	 ... we'll see i suppose lol
 btw r u doing senior assassin?	 it's not mandatory?
 well theres a sign up for it and u don't have to sign up lol they're not gonna make shooting ppl with water guns mandatory	 maybe i'll do it everyone knows where i live and my path though lol
 you should it'll be fun but ya it would be super easy to get u ngl	 what happens after you get your target though
 the target is out, and you get your target's target	 ooohhh what do you get if you win?? *?
 lol $20 from ethan	 are you serious i'm kinda afraid of getting electronics wet
 lol well just don't bring electronics everywhere	 🐱 you're telling me that?
 🐱	 you're doing it?
 ya	 i honestly probably won't know who my target is
 this surprised me harvard's engineering school is only 10 years old hey i found harvard's robot	 holy fuck only ten and wow that's a pretty big r-hex type robot is there any special feature/innovation to it besides the tail? were you able to get its specs? lol wait i'm nerding out again how's it going over there? https://www.cbinsights.com/research/artificial-intelligence-top-startups/?utm_source=cb+insights+newsletter&utm_campaign=c477d67c89-top_research_briefs_03_31_2018&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_9dc0513989-c477d67c89-86480197 the 100 startups on our list have raised $11.7b in aggregate funding across 347 deals. ai is starting to show up a bit more in terms of recent articles in my robo feed i think you should take a look at this also china is aiming to be the center of ai in the world by the time we're 20-30 they have a lot of free data with no regards for privacy so they can do some speedy dev work
 how's rwdc?	 we finished got most creative lol got some good networking done with the judges and older ppl though met a really inspirational person i'll gush about her to you tomorrow probably
 awwwwww 🐱	 she's 20
 damn	 she also got rejected from every college she applied to
 she a cougar?	 even after working at the robotics institute, northman gunthrop now she's been with microsoft 3 times spacex etc also combated life threatening scoliosis double majoring in cs and mathematical physics also she's in the honors program and she's a senior did i mention that she's only 20? 🐱 she was also apparently dirt poor so she had to win like every scholarship under the sun so now she has no debt she's the fucking definition of it's not where you go but what you make no she's not a cougar lol i got her email and linkedin
 aww that's really cool	 her opening line during the alumni talk was like my hardware is up in space with spacex heavy falcon that shut the room up and got kids to straighten up lol
 damn	 just woke up completely what's going on?
 lol roy u old fuck uh senior assassins is going on onw its spicy	 max and david msg'd me today apparently i'm guessing i was one of their targets?
 no you're not	 🐱 are you trying to mind game me rn
 but we're all collaborating no lol unless they are mindgaming me but i'm 99% certain they have who they say they have who do u have?	 what advantage would i gain if i told you
 well i would k i could trust u and u would k u could trust me and we could share information that's what i'm doing with most of my friends	 who knows though what if i can trust you but you can't trust me this time jk i have lulu here's some proof
 oh shit i'm suppose to tell her if i k who had her :/ i won't tho but now i feel bad i have caroline conway	 lmaoo dude you're going to try to peg one of the nicest and upstanding ppl in the school? you bad boi you and yeh i feel kinda guilty having lulu lol
 ya lol	 idk how i would get her though lol
 hmm	 oh wait nvm
 well i think its eaiser bc shes someone u k	 friday i have cyber cafe with her
 nicee	 is senior skip day on may 1st?
 no i think its the 4th actually id	 eh that's something to worry about later lulu just asked me if i had her lol when i mentioned if we still have cyber cafe on friday should i tell her?
 lol i mean why would u lol oh no why did u ask her	 just to confirm i'm kinda dumb at this i think
 u shouldve asked mark	 fuk tru the group chat is still around
 or that or u couldve asked me to ask the group chat or u could've literally asked anyone else besides lulu lmao its all good but i think she suspects you now	 nah she basically knows now lol
 🐱	 welp oops idk how to do this now what if i just don't get her
 well then nothing will happen until someone gets you out	 i'm usually in the school or at home lol and i only skate in early morning or night i feel like i'm fairly safe
 lol but ur so close to the school	 yeh that's tru lmao fuk just gotta always skate now huh just as hannah told me that she's taking a break from social media for a bit a girl i was childhood friends with started to message me out of the blue
 wow fate is tryna hook u up is the girl a pothead	 she lives in cali now and says she likes video games, reddit and making art
 oooh is she from texas	 pennsylvania fuk i feel so disorganized idk what's going on in school, botball, rwdc might have another thing i have emails to send out and to look at feels a bit off for some reason you got an eta?  foxy roxy called you. this is for the chapter 11 stuff due tomorrow 1. https://www.hudson.k12.oh.us/cms/lib08/oh01914911/centricity/domain/402/chap%2013%20group%201.pdf

2.  http://www.cpp.edu/~skboddeker/132/assign/ch13h.htm

3.  https://guce.oath.com/collectconsent?ccsessionid=1_cc-session_29899517-ca24-4960-ac56-39cb7ea24322&lang=

4. http://www.cpp.edu/~skboddeker/121/notes/121ch12.htm

5. https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20131204121158aa9kfja&guccounter=1 chap 11 eng (homework)

1. https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20150405074312aacxagi

2. https://web.njit.edu/~gary/111/assets/hw11_sol.pdf

3. https://www3.nd.edu/~mhildret/phys10310/lectures/lecturech11.pdf

4. https://web.njit.edu/~gary/111/assets/hw11_sol.pdf

5. https://web.njit.edu/~gary/111/assets/hw11_sol.pdf chapter 10 extra

1. http://learning.hccs.edu/faculty/khalid.bukhari/phys2325-4/sample-solutions/solution-ch-10

2. i kinda bs'd it, no one could figure it out i think lol, but this is what my bs was semi based on: https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20080422073629aafogpt

3. https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20151030152414aa9m9j8

4. https://web.njit.edu/~gary/111/assets/hw9_sol.pdf

5. 23/48 * mr^2 * w^2 (w is little omega) chapter 12 eng #1 (homework)

1. https://web.njit.edu/~gary/111/assets/hw12_sol.pdf

2. https://www.hudson.k12.oh.us/cms/lib08/oh01914911/centricity/domain/402/chapter%2012%20hw%20solutions%2015-16.pdf

3. http://www.cpp.edu/~skboddeker/131/131hw/ch12h.htm

4. https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20080512143005aae3mr5

5. http://apphysc.weebly.com/uploads/8/0/0/2/80028204/merged_document.pdf took me a bit to re-find all the links let me know if you have any trouble with anything, i can send you screenshots and try to explain some stuff then
 aw thanks man tho carlson extended the webassigns to the wrong date so i don't have to do them tonight	 🐱 btw carlson mentioned in class he might move the gravity webassign due dates up
 is that the ones due tonight	 there's also one due tomorrow and i think friday or monday
 shit	 don't forget to talk to haver today too
 ya lol i already made a bs  progress log	 ayyyy https://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robotics/home-robots/amazon-home-robots domestic robots are hard, but rumor has it that amazon wants in there's been some news that amazon is trying to break into the home robot market something about a useful moving alexa
 ooh ya amazon is trying to break into every market lol	 feels like they're trying to be a more ambitious google i didn't know amazon even had the resources or infrastructure to try to put their hands into so many markets like what ever happened to blue origin or whatever it was called
 it's still running its just less of a media-grabbing company than spacex	 really?? i thought that it wasn't able to actually reach space space
 ya they can't yet	 is it really that good of a business plan to stretch your resources into so many r&d projects that aren't necessarily connected?
 well it's not a business plan for amazon it's just owned by jeff bezos	 is he just trying really hard to be as popular as musk then lol
 nah blue origin is older than spacex	 then what's his goal with it?
 it's pretty much the same goal musk just did it better in less time lol	 🐱 damn
 oh apparnetly it's first goal was a suborbital space vehicle	 wat that's quite the news
 but then they switched in 2007 to "patiently and step-by-step, to lower the cost of spaceflight so that many people can afford to go and so that we humans can better continue exploring the solar system" probably in response to spacex	 poor bezos, the media just kind of glosses him over a bit with musky around
 ya	 do you have track today? eta? crazy plan  you missed a call from foxy roxy.
 coming welp i was gonna tell u that i found out edmund doesn't have u but ur dead lol who killed u?	 kate ryan i think edmond has ben
 nope he has shane gindel confirmed	 who da fuk is shane lol
 lol he's in our grade	 i mean it is called senior assass oops pressed enter too early
 i heard they snuck into ur house	 lol kind of sad times
 rip u shouldve told ur parents not to let ppl in they're too used to random ppl going to ur house	 feels bad wait shiz allen booze hamilton is a bit more military consulting than i expected
 wdym	 in an email they were talking about how i can be a part of the acquisition of contracts, management, and consulting processes but no mention of any r&d does this mean i'll be with _business people_ 🐱 you almost done with the test? brando is waiting for the wallaby
 oh shit ya i'm coming down now	 got an eta? i've just been helping junior get back on their feet
 what you need to know:
max --> chloe russell --> heffernan --> charlie --> me

ben feeds charlie information that i would be home at 10 pm. i get home around 6 pm, i have my hose system all set and ready. at around 8:30, charlie and her hitsquad roll up and park right outside my garage, headlights on and music blasting. they were super obvious. i call up heffernan, he drives over, parks somwhere else and runs through a neighbors yard and hides in a bush right next to my driveway. then, i call max who's at botball. charlie still thinks i'm at botball at this pt. i ask max to drive over and pretend to be dropping me off to lure charlie out. around 9:30, max arrives at my house, pulls into the driveway. charlie gets out and runs towards max and starts shooting him, thinking he's me. heffernan comes out and shoots charlie (tho there's some dispute, charlie claims she shot first). plot twist: right behind charlie is chloe russell. none of us planned for her to be there. chloe comes from behind and shoots heffernan, then max grabs his gun from his car and shoots chloe. at this point i'm not raining down hell from the window with my hose and i drench both charlie and chloe just for the hell of it. charlie and chloe leave drenched and max and i are the sole survivors holy shit this just happened	 holy shit that's like from a movie scene lol does that mean max has you as a target now?
 nope charlie is still alive so he has fcharlie	 ahhh 🐱 a couple things 1. do we know if the vivs have the correct printouts like the code 2. is max going to come back and i'll load more into his car or
 they had the right ones yesterday no, we already loaded the trunk and there are 3 passengers in the back	 hmmm is there anyone else that's stopping by so i can load the rest of the robos?
 jeremy can	 aight my internet is being spotty, can you message him or does he already kno
 also i can ask iman to i'll do it	 sounds good i'll just be packing up the rest you left your laptop here btw lol think i'll have enough time to skate over and hand it off to you?
 oh shit ya or u could hand it to me when you come over to the school oh iman is gonna come over at some pt and pick up stuff as well	 you know the wheeled and four legged robots that were in the darpa robotics challenge? yeah that's right they didn't win you know who did win a two legged robot legs are the most elegant solution to locomotion
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0tayhjpofo	 every human on this earth has fallen before also that half body thing is creepy af
 which half is it? that's right legs are creepy af	 that's only if they're uncanny and most are not
 that's still pretty creepy	 the wifi is so crappy it didn't load for me yet so out of sight out of being creepy ooh i saw it now it's nasas robonaut don't be discriminatory robot designers have feelings too 🐱
 ok u perv 🐱	 i wanna meet someone who can identify robots on the spot and then we can have a robo id off and ironically, despite loving robo legs i do not have a fetish for legs
 only for robotic legs	 it's not a fetish it's an extreme passion
 lmao and furrys have an extreme passion for humanoid animals	 no that's different cuz they wanna get some fuk i'm starting to realize that our ambitions will probably determine where we live and who we interact with more than our will
 wdym more than our will	 we can't really just say i like being with this group of people and so i'll live here to be fair it was never really a choice we've had but it's strange to think bout it
 ya true well that's only true for high school life cuz you live wherever ur parents chose but you could toally do that when your an adult its just up to if you prioritize ppl over other factors	 but what if the other factors are our hopes and dreams 🐱
 🐱	 i woke up not too long ago lmao
 lol u shouldn't skip and come with us	 nah i still promised tomorrow
 u can skip both tho lol	 that's a lotta skipping lol
 pshhh nahhh just call in sick it's senior yearrrr enjoy it	 nah i just don't want an n lol
 your not gonna get an n tho with 2 absenses come ooooooooon spend more time with the boiiis	 i gotta manage my time mannn
 lol what if we convince u in person ;) lol if i'm being annoying lmk  you called foxy roxy.	 wait a sec idk how long i can do stuff tonight need to grind out more work than i expected
 yo have u seen caroline in school? also are u down to play board games after school	 i haven't seen her maybe i'm going to the beach tomorrow btw sarah wanted me to tell you
 ok committed to mit :d	 congrats!!! i fell asleep pretty early yesterday lol
 lol we watched there will be blood	 duuudeee shit's intense i'll drink your fucking milkshake *shhlllurrrrrrrrrrppppppp btw we're leaving at 10 to the beach so you can hop on
 ya ik i have to do something for winblock but sarah said you guys are leaving afterwards	 yeh prets much i'm just grinding out work rn https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqu3wcfetga here ya go btw wait shit dude i have the work thing today and it's formal af and now i have this stupid hickey looking thing on my neck should i try to cover it up with a bandaid or something lol
 lol nah u should flex on them what's the work thing?	 holy shit the connections came full circle joyce from massrobotics knows jonathan hurst and marc raibert on a first name basis apparently apparently buzz is shutting down a taco bell on campus so they fucking did this they truly are the meme lords
 yeye i saw lol	 hmmm i hope i didn't seem douchey when i was talking about neu idk why i got heated when i got off the waitlists strange
 nah you're fine are u considering it if it's the same price as osu?	 it's definitely not the same price lol idk it's strange osu has the better robotics program and stuff but nu is known more and is technically better ranked and it's in a better location idk i'll be in the area anyway during the summer and i'm sure i'll be keeping my connections up and going to events here anyway so the location part is kinda eh i honestly don't know
 well there's a big difference in terms of connections over 4 years but i think osu still fits u especially u already got a big hookup from hurst	 so you're saying the connection possibility at nu is better?
 the only downside to osu is ur going into a very very specific field from the getgo might not have as much opportunity to explore most of ur connections and field experience will all be linked to legged robots and agility as well	 what would i explore at nu that osu doesn't have though
 cuz i'm assuming there aren't a lot of other robotics stuff at osu	 nah osu is the steward for ros they got more
 like other types of engineering, or just other ya k --more viable-- fields	 i thought that first
 🐱	 but that wouldn't make any sense they couldn't have risen to top four in such little time based solely on legged locomotion and yeh you're right about that probs i mean i want to keep a healthy relationship with massrobotics as much as possible since they're becoming the center point of robotics and the community here in general it seems and knowing joyce and her helping me already is probably already a good sign of that but you're warning me that that connection won't last come four years time?
 no i'm saying u can't necessarily garuntee you'll keep that connection if ur in oregon	 are friendly email updates not enough lol
 lol well it's not the same at least	 yeh the connections here are a lot better and diverse hmm idk i'll have to think about it hurst is a big dude in the field and nu's profs (no offense i'm just being objective) are not as prominent right now and the chances they make a breakthrough that i can help or be a part of in four years is rather slim overhearing one of the profs complaining that he and his team has to fix valkeryie more than test doesn't raise my hopes up either
 ya i think u should go to osu there's a chance at nu you could be lost in a crowd of asian roboticists since you've already made connections with hurst and you have such a specific interest, you would definitely get more opportunities in legged robots at osu	 you saying that i'm not good enough of a roboticist to stand out in nu? 🐱
 🐱 i'm saying u look like every other asian aadhya points at	 i have crazier hair and i longboard wait srsly though that's quite the point you bring up what makes you think that i would get lost in the crowd in nu as compared to osu despite osu having the much better robo shiz
 bc there are more ppl pursuing the same thing as you	 is it because there are a lot more general "i like robots" ppl at nu but if you're at osu then it's kinda already a given that you would be hardcore cuz why else would you be in the magic forest of oregon
 well i don't think most ppl would call osu an "engineering" school. probably most of their ppl are naturalists or some shit that means they have a good robotics program and resources divided between less ppl opposite at nu	 that's a good point osu less known in engineering in general but huge spike in robotics which means more stuff for me potentially nu known in engineering but no spike and less stuff for me and more competition but then what about connections like you said, that shits hella important osu has the upper hand in robotics professors and overall deep academic connections (ri, michigan, agility->other bigger startups) but nu has the whole coop thing they keep bragging about and boston -> keeping me updated with the robo stuff going down here i honestly can't tell which would be better lol
 well how sure are you that u wanna pursue legged robots it kinda comes down to that if ur certain, than the connections at osu are also better than nu	 bruh you should know how certain i am and plus even if i ultimately say nah it's arguably one of the hardest sub fields of robotics so it's not like i'll be waking out with no skills
 ok than osu your not gonna find a place with better connections in legged robots think of all the ppl hurst can hook u up with	 if buzz says yes we might have this convo again just warning ya lol sorry
 lol np	 that's the scary part though a lot of this is banking on hurst and his team i know joyce from massrobotics is even connected to him and she said he's a really nice guy but that still a big bank
 well think of how many freshmen he meets who are into legged robots	 yeh good point yeh osu just has really strange pluses that is exclusive to it it would seem it's existence will forever confound me
 lol zame	 who would've thunk that the school known for its oceanography and forestry environmental shiz also harbors a powerhouse robotics institute
 and ros	 yeh right lol
 lol don't pull a mike stay safe!	 i can't find the terminal
 ?	 it's rather empty here
 the what	 wait oops
 lmao i'm getting worried u better meming me rn	 i am not
 uh ru ok?	 nah wait yes i'm ok lol i'm not drunk nor high i'm just here with ajay we're out of place rn lol
 ah ok	 ok now i'm memory memeing ready another bottle finished im so crazy are those my shoes?? next level selfie
 oh gawd	 oh there's more people now ppl are in the water now we should clean this place up
 🐱	 hmmm i can't shake off this feeling that i kinda wasted my time
 at echo?	 yeh first time that i felt this way for a while i'm grateful that emily drove me and stuff but i'm strangely stuck on the feeling that i could've done something else i suppose the keyword here is "could" i should just sleep on it, time already passed
 woahhh booz allen has an office at cic damn they're like the main sponsor	 what the heck lol that seems like another small station why are they there? for the innovations? also: "i try to teach my students that no matter what software you write you cannot program a rock to fly" - jonathan hurst good quote i gotta say though, during the banquet thing for the interns the raytheon people were kinda obnoxious just wouldn't shut up about "how great raytheon is" is this what pride looks like it's a banquet you don't need to overadvertise
 lmao ya u told me damn u seem to be pretty heated about that lol	 was i? did i? oh wait was this when i was kinda tired lit in study hall ray rays lol
 ya lol ray rays	 what do you think are the chances that i could hitch hike to the free parts place on june 5?
 um none hitchhiking is not a thing in suburban massachusetts lol	 damnit whoa if you think about it uber and lyft are just organized high-tech hitchhiking
 well kinda lol or crowdsourced taxi service same thing	 luckily it's not a crowdsourced machine learning taxi service then it would turn into racist and homophobic ai cars running around killing people on the streets 🐱
 🐱	 sarah where u at i meant justin as in you
 lol i'm at a family event i won't be back until like 10 or 10:15 not sure if i can make the study session	 🐱 sarah says you have to go or else she'll yell at you
 she yells at me anyways :(	 she said vines vibes no but srs you have to come i'm just quoting her now she's trying to get you more social lol
 but but but my bed is comfy also i need to be home by 11:30 so i would only stay there for like 30 min lol	 you have a curfew?
 ya kinda well it's a loose curfew but my parents want me home theb	 i never knew lol http://phdcomics.com/comics/archive/phd0109.gif  the whimper is what got me
 🐱	 are you actually going to climb vo rn be careful out there! apparently ppl saw a drug deal going on yesterday night so be wary otherwise enjoy the night haha
 lol maybe we can get in on it	 well there are some stories of people coming up with great algorithms and designs while high off their asses so high that they could see the problem in a new light wait a sec i just thought of an interesting question you know how you said that you want to be remembered would you be okay with the idea of being forgotten only to be resurfaced like what happened with van gogh or george boolean and subsequently the common thread that seems to be strung along with living a short but delayed impactful life
 hmm i don't think there's a big difference	 cuz the end result is the same? holy shit they think ppl can afford this???
 rip	 that's insane lol
 well technically its pretty normal for colleges of the same size and caliber	 is it really worth it though it's guaranteed debt if only bernie sanders made it 🐱
 financially it is worth it according to evidence but maybe not specifically nu lol	 which school is worth that much debt if every school that was on my list cost that much i would be going to oregon no matter what lol and what da heck is the evidence
 well if you calculate the average increase that college adds to your paycheck, you indirectly pay for college in about 5 - 10 years	 you know i don't care about pay
 the reason ppl stay in student debt for longer than that is bc they use up their earnings to improve their life quality	 i just care about what kind of shit i can get, from connections to parts to teams
 that's the spirit lol	 but i don't think those are worth 70k unless marc raibert is your fucking personal mentor and you would get access to bds team and parts oh shit i'm drooling 🐱
 🐱	 srs though is stanford really worth 60-70k
 ya it is lol	 is it really that amazing of a school i don't see it
 well the effective cost for stanford is much lower anyways but i think you're taking it too much at face value	 but i'm a one sided guy who doesn't believe in stanford robotics since it's like bleh ever since ros dudes generation lefg
 the raise in salary that you get alone will pay for the cost within a decade, and that's not counting all the connections and opportunities you will get and also if you want to talk cost effective, robotics is probably not the best field to look at	 i think that's only applicable to ppl who don't have a very specific field they know they want to enter
 maybe it isn't worth for robotics	 lol we just reached the same point pretty quickly
 nah i still think it is tho i just don't know enough about stanfrod robotics to make a full opinoin	 i would say the robotics institute might might be worth but it's a graduate school and costs like 40k instead
 but 60k - 70k is nothing if you take advantage of the opportunities at the college	 the psychology majors at stanford are not going to be able to make that back i think this only applies to tech entrepreneurship otherwise it seems a bit overbearing
 again ppl don't pay 60k to go to stanford ppl pay like 40k and ofc they will be able to make it back	 hmmm i don't know enough data of how much stanford ba ppl make after graduating undergrad all i know from a roboticist perspective that's rather pricy for what you get there
 it's a $82,000 starting salary	 but what field though
 ba it doens't list by field, just by degree	 all the generalizations of money ultimately mean nothing if it doesn't hold a true average among individuals i swear to god if the art history degree gets you 80k from stanford i'm going to cry
 average psychology majors with a bachelor's degree started out at a median of $35,700	 🐱
 so even tho we don't know stanford's psych major starting salary i'm betting it's above $35,700 if they're getting an average of 82,000	 above 35k can still mean like 45k lol
 ya but psychology is one of the applicable ba fields lol art history is probably like 45k	 ok if we meet a super successful and amazing person who paid full price at stanford i'll rescind my previous statement
 wdym there are a ton of super succesffuly stanford students	 but as long as that fucking paper skull robot shit video exists i don't believe in stanford robotics robotics wise
 i don't think u can judge stanford just on its robtoics program since its such a minor part of the school	 minor robotics minor 🐱 🐱 triggered
 lol	 jk
 i feel like you're a little too focused on robotics sometimes not that its a bad thing, but also i don't think you should measure everything by their proficiency in robotics	 you just watch me @_@ i'll judge the shit out of places based on robos 🐱
 🐱 hey don't forget also you probably make back like 20k from your stanford tuition just on how much free weed you'll get 🐱	 yeh but oregon is made out of weed
 oh shit ur right https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.civilized.life/articles/states-ranked-weed-costs/amp.html as marijuana legalization becomes more popular and more states decriminalize the use and sale of cannabis products, amer... damnnn you're getting the best deal on your weed	 lol wtf washington didn't expect them and yeh bruh i know my weed my mary jane my wacky tobaccy think you'll ever try weed?
 i'll probably try it but i don't imagine i'll do it a lot	 *flash forward five years*
 true i might pull a gabe	 that would be insane i would sell you so much weed we could make a weed empire
 lmaoo i'll manufacture the leaves you send me in the basements of mit into finished products	 leaves delivered by legged robots 🐱 we'll start at universities and then the public
 🐱	 if control theory of robots eventually reach the point of where they need ai (which i predict they will once they get the foundations of locomotion down) i'll be sure to contact ya hmmm sorry to bring it up again but i really do trust your opinion lol wpi just gave me 10k a year bringing down the price to 40k actually you know what fuk it what the hell am i doing the answer is just going to be osu anyway
 ya lol i can't find a good reason you would want to go to wpi over osu i can see the argument for nu	 what was the argument for nu again? was it just connections and a better cs program lol hindsight bias, ap psychology
 lol ya better connections, better city, wider range of options	 wait, what do you mean by options
 of fields of study and research	 you mean majors not relating to robotics?
 🐱	 pshh there's a shit ton of nature kids around oregon i'm sure i'll "explore" "oregon state university fish and wildlife group" what the
 lol woahh my mom went to high school with matt li's mom the old botball captain	 oh shit i read that as that she went to high school with matt li and so i was about to question how old you really are and that's pretty wild, the chances for that happening must be rather small
 ya apparently they both lived in winchester for like 8 years before realizing the other was in the same town they ran into eachother at a school event or smthn apparently matt li graduated cornell already in 3.5 years, with both a bachelors and a masters degree	 wait shit what i knew that he graduated undergrad early but i had no idea he had a masters too?! wait at fuking cornell engineering too??? bruh how the wait what my mind that's insane no matter how good we think we are there's an old botball captain better than us wait now that i think about it why does bd get so much media attention they've been posting robo vids for a while but it wasn't until like 2016-2017 when they _really_ started getting traction i think is it really that people are awed by their results?
 ya i think so i mean they're consistent and the robots are kinda flashy	 are they really that "consistent" doe 🐱
 as in they consistently post content lol and they keep having new robots every few months for inexplicable reasons	 i refute that adjective, tis not inexplicable, the answer is simple, they somehow got money so they make robots 🐱
 🐱	 i gotta say i really do wish i could've visited osu's campus going in so blind feels so strange maybe that's why i was wavered by the waitlists even though i stated before that i would not be wavered
 but the 3d tour	 🐱 i literally skipped most of the tour and stayed on their robotics lab, the coris institute so that's actually on me lol
 lmao	 i'm literally banking everything on the robotics lab going in, i see what you mean by its good to be able to branch out lol
 you could've scouted out good places to board	 problem is what would i branch out to art history?
 art gistory damn u beat me	 lmaoo, that's pretty funny that we can do that and shiz you right, i should've taken a look at the roads surprisingly, kota weaver thinks the general growth of tech and robotics may be bad for society i gotta say i'm on the optimistic side
 bad in what way?	 his reasoning for it was things such as hacking will become more prevalent and dangerous as tech becomes more integrated into society. the advancement of tech and without increase of education and the such will increase the wealth gap, etc. stuff like that
 ok true i do think technological advancement will increase social inequality if we're not careful but even if the gap increases, everyone's standard of living collectively rises	 but isn't "equality" of standard of living also based on perspective rn we're doing fine, but come 70 years our way of living could be seen as rather low and "first world problems" then could become the bad shiz lmao wtf am i saying it makes it sound like future ppl are pussies 🐱 🐱
 🐱 🐱	 hmmm even if the wage gap is huge if the amount of crippling poor ppl is small is that not an improvement?
 ya i think it's an improvement for example china's income inequality increased a lot in the past 60 years, but their poverty rate also dropped drastically rip i just realized i have to take the ap latin late exam on the 24th so i will have to leave at like 11 am from the robotics conference	 bruh do you really need latin 🐱 are you going to be gone next friday?
 lol no nah i just didn't want to take a test on the last day of school this was like in march when i turned in my ap form	 wait so you skipped that so that you would have to come back to school for one day days later to take latin?
 ya i dont really want to miss the countdown	 not gonna lie, i do not understand that
 well its more for sentimental value, cuz high school is over and also i assume we're gonna be doing something on the last day of school	 then again i thought that the concept of echo is a waste of time to myself (not saying that it is for everyone else, but to me) you sentimental fuk, and here i thought you were the one with the lower humanity score 🐱
 🐱	 idk why, but i've been thinking about robots non-stop for a while now like before it was also constant, but now it's getting intense its like i'm getting unhealthily obsessed maybe it's cuz school is almost over and i know i have time to delve in as much as i want soon, esp in college oh yeh, you should start webassign if you haven't already ppl be dying
 oh i just finished wait isn't it just kinematics i thought it was fine	 wait wut
 as long as the object goes in a straight line, i'm ok	 bruh lol but the moment spinny shit happens
 :'(	 i'm stuck on 2b rn, but i just realized i didn't convert the fuking units to metric fuking imperial ass shit, tedious non-essential piece of crap measuring system
 ya that was so annoying well u don't convert to metric, just convert to feet per second	 it's an itch that i must satisfy, must convert drinking spoiled milk really makes you dump a lot btw just an observation i learned that might be useful in the future
 🐱 roy this is why we're single	 motherfuking answer is in ft yeh :'( hey at least aiyadiah thinks you're cute or at least your mit shirt was cute but let's give it the benefit of the doubt
 lol	 did you get around 9 ft? i got 9.4003 ft, not sure if that's right though
 yup i got 8.889	 lmao fuk i'm on my last try
 do you want the equation i used? just to check	 yeh sure i'm going to start over again too
 bs = bike max speed
ba = bike accel
cs = car max speed
ca = car accel

1. bike distance = 0.5(ba)(bs/ba)^2+bs(bs/ca - bs/ba)
2. car distance = 0.5(ca)(bs/ca)^2

max distance = (1.) - (2.)	 lmao i got 13 feet oops didn't mean caps aight, time to check with your stuff i suppose you did everything in feet right?
 yup	 so for velocity it was ft/s and accel it's ft/s^2
 yup	 fuk it really is 13 ft??
 welp what are your numbers	 nah it's correct lol thanks man i like how you kept the equations simplified and used the given numbers in variable form very elegant
 lol thanks	 this is another indication perhaps as to why we don't have gf
 rip 🐱 🐱	 holy crap i forgot an article at the end of my previous message i think i've been hanging around jenn too much jk jk
 wow you filthy foreigner	 you're not wrong texan immigrant to the northeast
 oh sorry i didn't know you came from a 3rd world country	 damn that was a hard jab ouch have you ever had moments when you move your head too fast and then everything becomes blurry and your mind just feels like mush
 uh no i don't think thats normal	 lol i searched it up and google returned stuff about anxiety and panic attacks and desensitization don't think that's it
 roy i think u should go to the doctors and get your entire body checked out	 psh i don't believe in western voodoo quack medicine 🐱 yeh i probably should but this could just be lack of water and exercise
 then u should probably drink some water idk if lack of exercise would do it tho	 maybe it's due to depression jk jk
 🐱	 https://www.theverge.com/2018/5/8/17332070/google-assistant-makes-phone-call-demo-duplex-io-2018 on stage at i/o 2018, google showed off a stunning, in-the-works capability of google assistant; it might someday make actual phone calls on your behalf. apparently this is going round in the news? "assistant can actually understand the nuances of conversation" that's what you're into :oo hmm idk how i feel about it being so human like, there are some subtle stuff, but overall that would be very hard to distinguish it seems not sure how i feel about it being so human like, i'm sure there are reasons why it's a benefit, but rn it's a bit off putting fucking impressive as all hell though https://ai.googleblog.com/2018/05/duplex-ai-system-for-natural-conversation.html posted by yaniv leviathan, principal engineer and yossi matias, vice president, engineering, google a long-standing goal of human-comput... holy shit bd is hiring machine learning people did sarah just tell you off for leaving ppl on read? lol
 lol yes shit i also left u on read i was waiting u til i finished reading the thong u sent so i could properly respond	 bruh it's fine lol don't worry about leaving me on read, i do it too sometimes and it doesn't really bother me 🐱 it's interesting to see that for other people it's quite the offense
 thanks lol	 i got'chu bro
 🐱	 i gotta say though keeping up "streaks" is kinda of a grind
 lol are you actually tryng to?	 i should try to be more "sociable" also it's easier and less time consuming than actually talking though i feel like email is still my main point of social contact other than messenger wanna try to sneak into the boston techjam on june 14? yo this person angelica lim had an amazing idea robotics being like the next big tech like the pc or smartphone and instead of writing apps that people can download people can write/make skills that people can download for their robots
 wait wdym also nice job at shakespeare day	 thanks man i'm up again rn i'll explain the skill idea later
 good luck! i'm coming again d block	 i'm going to lose my voice did you see reality tv stars?
 yup also i'm gonna be in china on june 14th	 june 14th to when?
 june 10th to 17th	 oh that's good since i start work on the 25th so we don't overlap in our absences
 wdym in our absenses oh for botball	 yeh my voice is done for lol but on the topic of robot skills the idea proposed was say you had a robot but you want it to be able to understand you better so you simply go onto an online database of different pre created algorithms and programs for nlp other people made download that onto your robot and bam there you go or perhaps you want better manipulation for your robot just get a program someone wrote it's similar to how the appstore works for phones if you want your phone to do x then there's a good chance someone made a program so the phone can do x except this time you would replace a robot with the phone https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ve9kwx_kxus https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjsohj-iclc
aw man i just wish they would release some specs on the hardware and processing along with stats so we know how efficient the robots truly are https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ve9kwx_kxus just when other robotics labs and companies are catching up, bd seems to take another step lol the autonomous navigation for spotmini has already been accomplished before by eth zurich with their anymal robot, but bd's robot is much faster and agile it seems. the new gait on atlas is pretty astonishing though, since it's actually a real running gait. it fits all the requirements sorry for the spam lol, but there's so much news going around rn have you heard of probabilistic computing? "according to intel cto mike mayberry the answer is “probabilistic computing”, which he says could be ai’s next wave."
 woah what	 yeah i thought you'd like to know about that haha i'll update you whenever i find any new tech i'm rather under the weather rn
 also for the first idea that's basically apps for robots right?	 yeh essentially
 meaning the robots would have to be very standardized cuz even phone apps are having  trouble with all the different hardware cinfigs of phones these days	 yeh the internals would have to very standardized like a what kota's company is making but i would argue that the end effectors could be rather different among the robots leading to drastically different looking and function robots as long as the software side (probably ros) is standardized along with the essential electronics this might work so you have the main body and then the arms and platforms become plug and play components essentially the "core" of the robot would be the same but the bodies would be easily swapped out but you probably wouldn't need to swap that much since a treaded robot with an arm can do a lot of things already with the right software same goes for a humanoid, although they'll have different specs and purposes though robots haven't actually been able to do anything groundbreakingly useful yet so this whole idea would be way in the future if even viable at all
 true, but the swapouts would still have to be standardized, compatible swapouts it would be like "sold separately" expansion packs basically except for robots instead of toys	 can you imagine that lol you just grab your alexa or google home or whatever ai assistant that you have plug it into a different body and now it can not only control your home but do so many other tasks too like disaster relief 🐱
 or dinosaurs	 tru ok imma sleep now it's so cold
 damn dude u ok? see you shouldn't have gotten those vaccines tsk tssk yo u still at home?  foxy roxy missed a call from you.	 yes i'm still home thanks for the cold ones lol
 lol ok feel better!	 did you guys come over just to drop these off? thanks!
 ya but we were already downtown so	 ahh
 lol tour grandparents were creepd out it's so easy to get into ur house	 when i live by myself i'm going to have insane security measures 🐱
 🐱 lol in ur tin hut?	 yes
 so like a padlock is already way more secure than what u have now	 maybe also a camera not hooked up to anything just for the aesthetic
 lmai they actually sell a lot of those	 what really fake cameras? oh and btw intel is starting their r&d push on probabilistic computing on may 25. they sound pretty confident in what they're doing "so we’ve been doing a certain amount of internal work and with academia, and we’ve decided that there’s enough here that we’re going to kick off a research community. the goal is to have people share what they know about it, collaborate on it, figure out how you represent probability when you write software, and how you construct computer hardware. we think this will be ... part of the third wave of ai. we don’t think we’re done there, we think there are other things as well, but this will be around probabilistic computing." i'm still dying and loopy but i've just been listening to robo lectures as i fade in and out of consciousness but i remember one talk where raibert of bd clearly states that their idea of making a product is to first ignore money and make something cool only then to worry and design a product that's affordable
 🐱 that explains a lot actually also u sure ur ok?	 i just wonder if that's an actual viable strategy for a business and yeh i think i just recovered, only got a cough now gotta study so hard now shiz
 i mean bd is still alilve somehow	 they haven't actually sold anything lol before it literally was just contracts and darpa you went to prom already??!?!!?! any spicy pics? what's it feel like to hit that milestone did you and her kiss while dancing to slow songs and holding each other? did you tell her that you love spending time with her and that she's very special to you only to have her reply that you're a good friend
 lol nah the prom was pretty lame, we ditched early and grabbed food with her friends, then went back to her house and played cards lol	 shiz just cards bruh what happened to the whole intimate relationship part jk jk huh prom was lame? i thought given the money there must've been stuff worth to stay for
 well it was $25 it's junior prom for her so it's just in the cafeteria of her school lmao ours will be way better	 ohhh that's like a dance lol oh yeh why are we all wearing college shirts today is there a picture thing or is it just like a thing
 it's just a senior thing did u not know lol there's like a different thing each day of this week	 da fuk really btw a couple ppl said my mascot looks cool 🐱 btw you doing bike day?
 nah lol the bike ride from my house is like 30 min	 you live so far away how do you get food
 wdym i eat what's in my fridge	 i mean real food 🐱
 and if that runs out i eat the plants in the yard	 lol
 see when ur family's vegetarian u don't need a lawnmower	 i feel like that's a line you've used multiple times in the past i also thought of a possibly novel configuration/addition/method of a legged robot structure i'm going to see if i can talk to a bd or agility person at the conference and ask them if my idea is viable might use it as a future thesis
 wow nicee	 this is before i get told to fuk off and that my idea is bad and i should feel bad 🐱 still kinda salt about how that neu prof patronized me
 which one? lol u remembred his name was this at the daniella rus event	 yeh fuking sensors are needed for walking, if you have enough then you can walk cassie has no external sensing sensors and it can walk efficiently as fuk
 lol you seem bitter	 just a bit salty maybe cuz it's my first time getting patronized like that the bd ppl i talked to actually went in depth with me when i talked to them, so did aaron ames and mit cheetah guy sungbae kim but this dude bruh oh cool thing i noticed while looking through pprs and research marc raibert was the advisor for jessica hodgkins (big ri person and vp of disney's research lab) and jessica hodgkins was the advisor for jonathan hurst
 ooh cool ya i think the legged robotics community is probably pretty small and connected	 can't tell if that's a good thing or not :,) i feel like i might nerd out about this stuff too much how's your ai journey going
 nah you're fine it's also educational for me bc i don't k that much about legged robots rn, just going through the books soooo much math and statistics lol i feel like i need a much stronger foundation in math in order to actually do anything substantial that's what college is for i guess	 lol you'll become an expert in legged locomotion by sheer osmosis by being friends with me yeh it seems like ai has so many layers to how it actually functions find anything interesting to nerd out about though? i too wish to learn through some osmosis but i swear to god if you just start posting raw math equations here with no applications imma die
 lol nothing specifically rn, unless u want to hear about some equations ya i think at the pt i am rn its just equations i've been reading a lot about multi-sided platforms tho not ai related	 da heck is multi-sided platforms
 and how the economics of a multi-sided platform is really different from traditional microeconomics its any type of business who's product is the reduction of friction in interaction between two parties	 are you becoming a business man
 so uber, airbnb, facebook	 🐱
 its a relatively new categorization bc they're becoming more prevalent now	 oh wait i didn't even realize that categorization existed, that's actually pretty cool wouldn't google fall into that too since they reduce the friction between obtaining data and information?
 ya but not for that reason	 facebook reduces your privacy, that makes sense
 they connect users to various online services for example, wikipedia is also for obtaining data but its not a multi-sided platform	 it's not? but isn't the two parties the people who don't know stuff and the people who do
 no bc both sides have to be customers of that platform	 like the bois provide the normies the genesis and wiki makes it easier to get the text of the genesis ooohh
 lmao	 but what significance does this categorization provide besides just being a thing ppl noticed
 the reason multi-sided platforms are different is because they have multiples sides of customers to appeal to, and each side's demand is interdependent for example, for some multisided platforms, charging negative prices makes sense like paying customers to use your service theres a lot of different approachs you take that would be considered crazy with traditional economics	 sounds like communism idk how i feel about commie ideals seeping into my capitalism
 🐱 wait that's not like communism at all	 giving money to people is communism 🐱 so if ppl piloted spacex rockets could spacex one day become like uber but in space
 communism is where the government makes a service from ur property and makes u pay for it lol if privately owned rockets become a big thing which i don't think it will until we become like a true spacefaring society where there's a need to regularly go to space	 ima red blooded republican, i don't need to know how social governmental systems work i just need to be stubbornly radical on one side you don't think it'll be a big thing ever? that's a surprise, don't tell elon, he might cry like when armstrong told him that he sucks wait i actually never asked before do you think elon's companies are actually viable and like "good" in the sense of previous successful companies like googs, fb, apple, ms, etc
 ya i think especially spacex is really smart	 really? despite all its financial close calls
 same with paypal and x.com ya the reason he had financial close calls is cuz he basically self-funded spacex and he ran out of money also if you want to make money, a space company is probably the least profitable thing u could think of with the sheer initial r&d costs alone think of how much nasa burns through on space r&d. i think how he made spacex was super brilliant and its kinda an entrepreneurial miracle	 i argue that a realistic sex robot company would be harder
 true, i also forgot legged robots	 what parts were brilliant though? i'm assuming you don't mean his self funding
 also is it worth studying for physics at this pt	 lmao no
 he focused on making all the parts of his manufacturing process super efficient and he insisted that most of his parts are manufactured by spacex, which was the main reason that spacex took so much money and time to get its first succeful rocket up but it also lowered costs exponentially which is what made spacex a viable business his management style is also super hands on and he knows how each part of the rockets work	 be careful dude the moment you get hands on with your staff like the receptionist you might be called out for a scandal sorry bad joke
 lol	 but how much does he know though i don't think it's possible to know each thing like woz but i'm assuming he doesn't treat rockets like paintings
 true, but woz was also a technical head inside apple but the disconnect between a ceo and the actual tech of the company is pretty big in most companies i think musk is cool bc he is an engineer before he's a businessman	 really? doesn't that make jobs and zucker exceptions to that they built their platforms
 jobs?	 oops meant gates
 it has to say helloooo	 well gates technically "stole"
 ya they're also big exceptions what they all have in common is they were the original creators of their products and they stayed on as ceo in most companies and startups, once it grows big enough you shoe in an experienced businessman as the ceo very rarely do the founders actually act as ceos	 oh tru, it's not like musk made the rocket himself lol, that would be stupidly insane ew business man as ceo in a tech company that still rubs me the wrong way
 i mean it makes sense for the comapny bc usually the founders of tech companies suck at business	 yeh but you gotta keep the vision of the product in mind well i guess i'm more like jobs in that aspect, the product comes first before all else but when companies like pfizer put a business person with no science background as ceo then i feel as if that's bad like a business ceo can be up to date with stuff like tech and thigs like jobs was fairly knowledgeable about how the machines actually worked not like down to each line but enough and yeh i do agree, most tech ppl would die in a ceo position probably i'm guessing that's what you're aiming to be like? engineer before business man
 ya one archetype that i want to break is that harvard ppl become ceos while mit ppl become ctos in industry, most of the time the highest an mit person gets in a company is the cto position, a lot of it bc of mit culture frowning upon business	 if that was your only goal it might've been easier to become a cto from harvard 🐱 jk jk wait are you saying cto is below ceo
 ya the ceo appoints the cto lol	 maybe i'm biased but i would think they're on the same level of importance in the tech world at least in smaller companies
 i mean	 with a more specific focus and few applications
 the world is not the tech world	 what it's not?!
 i remember one person who i was talking to when i was deciding between mit and harvard told me "if you want to build the ship you go to mit, if you want to run the ship u go to harvard" and i was like nahhh fuck you i'm gonna do both	 lol who said that ship quote cuz that's a lot to say about each school unless they have experience at both also i'm starting to notice for most universities the graduate side really shapes what the school is like or seen as like ucb is apparently a lot more ramped up and big in the grad world with their mega labs and shiz
 it's someone who works at mit but has kids in both schools and works with harvard faculty as well	 well shiz they just laid it thick on ya lol don't worry dude you're already doing more than most mit and harvard kids are doing combined also did you get this email?
 i haven't checked	 i think it might've been sent to me by mistake since i am not a vip lol kinda tempted to accept though
 nice nice isn't that the day of the robotics conference?	 nah day before idk if i should take it though it'll be weird if a random high schooler showed up to a "vip" thing
 well if u got the email there's probably a reason do u k what's happening there tho?	 nope i didn't see it anywhere in the website unless i didn't look that hard
 my impression is usually prevent vip stuff is for like fundraising from big donors and investors *pre-event	 time for me to flex my huge cfo muscles and skills
 lol ya u should accept if you think it's a good opportunity you'll miss the 2nd half of the marathon	 you know what would solve this problem a telepresence robot
 u mean like a sheldon bot a *wheeled* sheldon bot	 is that a big bang reference? you fake nerd i only reference research papers abstract: any robotic motion planning architecture must define an action space 🐱 yeh i think i'll go to the first day of marvel then three days of robo fair conference stuff
 oh actually i got the same email just checked	 whew
 it might be like for everyone	 so it's 100% ok to accept that's a relief
 oh wait it's just 5:30 to 7:30 you won't miss any movies	 ayyyy
 that's the time when well be eating dinner	 perfect timing
 just join us afterwards nice	 getting to massrobotics is a fucking hassle though lol
 where is it?	 gotta go through the bus and train and shit 12 channel street
 that's like everywhere in boston lol	 yeh but the bus?!
 idk if i feel safe with u alone on the bus	 lmao it's ok
 at least u have a phone now	 i'll just use my longboard and grab the end of the bus then i won't be on the bus nor will i have to pay aw fuck yeh free these things at the meeting oh shiz saturday is armed forces day i gotta celebrate that
 u k a hors d'ouvres is just french for appetizers woahhhhh i never really looked into this, but digital fabrics are really cool there's an organization, the advanced functional fabric organization of america (affoa), founded by an mit professor that's trying to design fabrics with woven in circuits that could provide services in the future, and used to make clothing and backpacks and all the electronics are passive so they don't need a power source. there's a hat that can recieve led beams encoded with a sound pattern, and the hat can play it back into earbuds without need of a power source. so you can listen to music http://www.wbur.org/bostonomix/2017/06/19/cambridge-fabric-innovation-center-opens what if a piece of fabric could stream audio? or share your photos or videos? a new high-tech fabric center in cambridge has actually developed that technology. my mom got one of the backpacks that the article mentions  	 it's just french for appetizers?! fuk, i thought it was a dish this whole time ce'st la vie that trump thing is hilarious and still a bit concerning at the same time lol that fabric thing is amazingly cool holy crap but wouldn't the hat still need a battery? it's the output device after all and earbud speakers need electricity to move their magnets to create soundwaves but yeh, the fact that everything else doesn't need battery is amazing the only drawback tricky thing i noticed though is that it needs an external infrastructure for it to work and depending on how easy installation oh dude you could easily troll people now with the backpack someone scans it and they open up the picture that comes from it "legged robotics are viable"
 ya it's all material science rather than electrical engineering idk exactly how they work without needing batteries but there are things out there that are charged using just light so i assume it something similar apparently some fabrics can also store energy and use it later on i think the key is the passive circuitry, since like 70% of google glass was the battery wearable tech :d	 hmmm that is quite interesting but more advanced computing doesn't seem viable just yet with wearable tech if this type damn dude get on dis when you're at mit and i'll get on hursts lab and then wearable clothes with legs 🐱
 🐱 wearable pants that play music but only music for robots	 exactly oh shiz i'm getting paid more 21 an hour
 ? for booz allen?	 yes i think that's like 60k a year right
 nice nice it's about 44k	 wait really 5*8*21*72
 that's a lot tho for an internship there are 52 weeks in a yr	 lmao i'm falling apart all i know is robot
 🐱 it'll be ok, maybe eating a hors d'oeuvres will make u feel better	 yeh that's my favorite dish dude i just thought of something what about w blanket or pillow that will play music or an alarm when sunlight hits it in the morning a smart fucking bes bed
 yoooooo that's actually good except it would go off all the time like during the entire day unless it has like a programmed burnout every morning after x amount of sunlight	 exactly dude viable aight, now if someone makes this idea i'll sue the fuk outta them 🐱 we gotta lawyer up
 🐱	  you missed a call from foxy roxy. lmao i just wiped out
 lmao dude r u here? / r u ok	 it's bigger than i thought
 bruhhh lol	 nah i'm probs not going to awards lol
 this is why legs are unviable	 well maybe if i just show up bloody nah dude this was a wheel accident i was going to fast so i had to bail since i don't know how to powerslide but i wasn't able to do any flips and tricks while bailing
 but if u were standing on the board with wheels instead of legs, u wouldn't wipe out 🐱	 that would be quite the physics problem we have to keep in mind that it rolls so there is a continuous point of static at the bottom of each wheel wanna meet back at my house after you're done with the last supper and then we go to echo
 ya sure	 do you have an eta for when you'll be at my house?
 wait sarah said emily is driving me is she driving me to ur house?	 yeh we're in the same car
 or to echo	 we need to be at the highschool for emily to pick us up
 emily lee	 nah ten ren do you have an eta yet? i'm just skating around rn lol
 lol emily ren and tarzana are picking us up at 9 farzana	 9999999 damn lol tarzana aight wanna just hang out before then
 no like from 99 they're picking me and emily up from 99	 what lol what are these rides now sarah
 that's what she told me so i'm going with it iman and lulu are picking u up	 whaaa ok hot damn that was crazy
 ya lol i'm looking forward to more drunk sarah in college lol i'll send vids	 here ya go from tonight yeh be careful in the future dude! i see why alcohol is argued to be dangerous now lol it was extremely funny and yet at the same time worrying did you know if we left any later we for sure would've got busted apparently after we left the cops were really cracking down on people
 ya i herad i feel like i wanna be wasted a least once just to see what drunk me is like	 feel like you might get sad or super nerdy
 i feel like i would get super bitchy and edgy	 really? bitchy?? the edge perhaps but why bitchy lol
 lol idk bc when i get tired i start roasting ppl	 really? i guess we just meme harder yeh i did hear you roasted sarah badly after i left lol do you have an inner demon roaster inside of ya
 lol maybe	 where you at man
 still at home i'm probably going to school soon	 aight come by e block so we can grab our yearbooks from malmede
 where did everyone go?	 i'm in math with some ppl rn
 oh u actually went to class	 yeh i did we're not going to be able to get lunch lol oh wait i still have your cold ones
 lmao	 i think you might appreciate this it looks pretty gross but then again also kinda like a bad piece of steak
 ew roy why u sending me ur scabs	 to gross you out wanna butt wrestle jk jk
 ufhn h h h i don't nee.d that. imagery	 you're welcome
 btw r u going to enka?	 shiz what  you missed a call from foxy roxy. my knee is starting to get kinda painful to put any weight on the zipper looks closed
 ya it is	 think imma head home my knee is getting a bit too worse for wear rn
 ok feel better! lmao did u get that book?	 lmao i wish i need to come back for it
 it would cost about 2 annual salaries of art historians	 so like 7 bucks? 🐱 and thanks man!
 🐱	 aight back to reading about the most interesting field around
 wow i didn't k u liked computational linguistics	 no i'm into computational art history
 🐱 ooooh is that when u combine computer science with being poor? woops that was mean	 holy crap that was a next level roast lol somewhere out there an art historian got a heart attack from that
 🐱	 i'm guessing you can't come tonight? not gonna lie antman sounds like a lame hero
 you're a lame hero hey its a funny movie he can control ants with his mind whats lame about that	 that's kinda lame bruh
 ok well captain america's super power is he can throw shields harder so	 how is it funny doe i thought he was like a depressed and divorced single father
 ok he is but its still funny	 yeh but captain america is buff af and has a tragic past
 alright pshh fine well i didn't k u liked to watch buff naked men in movies ant man has a tragic past and he has cool powers and he's funny	 his power is to be small or big lol and his powers have no basis in physics!
 nooooooo theres the pym particle if u inject the pym particle into things it reduces the space between atoms	 that's not how atoms work!!
 ignore a bunch of other physics shit and boom	 you can't reduce the shell spaces
 well atoms are 99% empty space maybe the pym particle decreases the kinetic energy of electrons or smthn idk so they're orbits shirnk just go with it its better than mutating interdimensional portals in ur eyes 🐱	 ok that's true lol isn't black panthers suit also basically better than iron mans
 ya but it can't fly so or shoot lasers	 yeh he's not black iron man can't jump so he compensates by flying
 lololol 🐱 actually ya black panther can jump like 20 ft	 holy shit what that's insane
 there was a scene in black panther where he jumped up onto an jet taking off and destroyed it	 wat that sounds so badass also we had a nice discussion about leadership, plans for the immediate weeks, and tentative ideas for robo groups i think david shared a doc with all of us
 ok	 shit did i sleep through julia's party
 damn dude i've been mathxling through julia's party	 lol is it still going on? when does it end?
 i think so whenever ppl leave	 should i still go? i'm like three hours late lol
 idk it's up to u lol i might drop by once i finish mathxl	 wanna show up as the late kool kids
 "fashionably late"	 do you have a ride there afterwards?
 ya where does she livr oh first i need to go buy food for the marathon	 do you mind if i hitch on? i don't want to walk anymore since my knee is leaking
 damn r u sure u don't wanna stay home	 oh yeh i still need to get you your cold ones justin i'm here to goddamn party
 and ya sure u can get a ride	 thanksss when do you think you'll be done mathxlll
 u k what i can finish this on monday night after we finish the movies it's due tuesday	 lol don't screw yourself over man be careful let me know when you're good
 actually do u wanna help me get snacks for the marathon tomorrow i'll pick u up then we go to stop and shop then we go to julia's and my dad drives the food home i'll probably need an extra set of hands to load shit into the car	 yeh sure i gotchu
 sweet i'm leaving now so i'll be there in about 15	 nice i just took a phat showa i also found a saint motel song that kinda reminds me of artic monkeys you might like
 ooooh also i'm here u coming?	 just woke up
 ru coming?	 leg day ye is sarah still mad at me for not staying over?  you missed a call from foxy roxy.
 yes we all hate u roy	 it's a fuking feast here scratch made potatoe chips sandwiches and slides
 damn	 grilled chicken sticks everywhere everyone is wearing a suit and i'm chomping in a corner wait i was going to ask you a question who has tickets? jyuuuuu
 oh i bough them for ppl who did the poll / asked me to so i have some tickets ordered but not yours i don't think	 aight cuz idk if i can't make it travel time wise i might be here until 8-ish btw agility is experimenting with ai for walking i'll tell you more later
 oooh did i just hear about the most exciting field do u want me to order ur ticket?	 yeh sure just a heads up i'll probably be nerding out hard tomorrow
 lol that's fine i probably will be too	 aight cya in several hours
 also the more i think about it the more thanos is right	 there's a reason he's the bad guy lol i don't think his solution is the best to his philosophy
 well i think that's why he's the most interesting villain	 whatcha talking about ultron was clearly the best villain
 you have to look past the boxes of villain vs hero and see which side actually makes sense	 🐱
 and also thanos is just a super self-sacrificing and highly moral person i think ppl r just not used to "villains" being selfless he's just as super hardline utilitarian	 i think this quote sums up my stance on it and why i don't like thanos side
 wow i didn't k u were a filthy deontologist 🐱	 not cuz he's a villain but more so that i don't think ppl have the right to equate lives to just numbers
 would u kill 5 ppl if it saves 1000 according your duty it would be incorrect to kill 5 ppl	 if there are 5 ppl right there who needs immediate help than those 1000 who might need help those 5 get priority
 no literally either 5 ppl die or 1000 ppl die the deontologist approach is that no matter what, killing is wrong	 yeh that would just be a lose lose situation for a deontologist so the answer would to just take the less lose if you have to less lose nice
 that's what utilitarianism is all about	 but not everything is a trolley problem where this or that does dies
 although thanos is extreme, his plan worked on gamoras home planet. he transformed it from a hellhole to a paradise in the long run u maximize happiness	 his plan didn't have to be that though i think that there are more complicated methods that could achieve a similar result without killing so many i'm saying that thanos took the easiest route not the most effective
 right i'm not saying thanos' plan is necessary the ultimate best one, but it would ultimately still create a net benefit in the universe	 cuz rn it's weighing which is more important ultimate happiness or ppl living shit i'm out of toilet paper i'm not super happy anymore killing half the population won't solve my unhappiness will it?!
 true, i would argue that 1 million happy ppl is better than 2 million miserable ppl	 🐱 but not everything is binary like that
 we can continue the discussion tomorrow cuz i gotta sleep	 when you can cherry pick the results then yeh one is going to seem better than the other
 but ultimately i think thanos is really cool villain	 but in practice it's too complicated for that yeh i can agree to that lol his ball sack of a chin is hard to look at though
 i think avengers 3 might actually be my favorite marvel movie but i have to see it a few more times to make a judgement	 lol yeh you should sleep first
 ok gonna sleep now cya in 4 hrs	 good night man
 i'm feeling really tired this morning and a bit under the weather so i might come a bit late instead of u giving me a ride so u don't have to come here well actually i might just come lol there's not an easy way to get there otherwise. i just might fall asleep have you left your house yet?	 almost so yes or no pick you up
 the event technically opens at 12 right like the showcase	 not sure about that so you're planning on coming at 12?
 ya i'll probably come a little before then	 alright do you have a ride/plan to get into boston at that time though?
 i'll uber to alewife and then red line to south atation ok actually ill just take some caffeine pills and leave now with u	 lol that's a lot of back and forth to you're doing rn
 ya i'm delirious and in bed but i think i'll be fine	 alright so i will come pick you up
 yup worst case i'll just find a corner to sleep in at the cinference what's ur eta?	 need to drop my sister off give it like 10?
 ok. i'll set an alarm for 10 lol	 that's not 10 o clock right lol
 lol ni	 there's slight morning traffic rn
 ok how long should snooze for	 five we're heading your place rn ready?
 yup r u outside?	 almost the hill be outside soon i would say not soon like now lol  you missed a call from foxy roxy. this round circle seating is freaking me out
 lol what of they go around and ask ppl to do an intro that would be so funny in this room	 more nerds and way less suits right here that would be hilarious if they did ice breakers a lot of this one so far is introducing the robots of different companies and their navigation systems and features
 they're talking about what fields are currently most aggressively automating	 like art history? what if anime is the last pillar of art with purpose
 i feel like this is the one and only time where an art historian might be useful	 pay day for them lol feel like i learned a whole lot today that was a lot of robots ai to philosophy to fucked up anime i need another day to digest it all we still got some other philosophical movies to break down like blade runner and it's sequel
 ya holy shit i still feel unsettled oh another movie we should get a group together to watch is primer it's an insanely complex time travel movie that literally cannot be understood the first time u watch it it has over a 10 interlocking timelines of the same 3 characters	 sounds perfectttt whoa i actually feel kinda brain drained now lol and yeh that unsettling feeling will stick with ya for a bit just think about something else when you go to sleep
 lol	 holy shit dude i just went to the wrong bathroom that explains why there wasn't any urinals
 🐱 wow roy u perv	 i did not mean to do that fuk dude i was watching a thanos video while in there i didn't even notice it until i was washing my hands and a lady walked in thank god for my long hair giving me that slight ambiguity
 lmaoo bruh	 i feel kinda guilty i didn't mean anything i just walked in without looking at signs
 lol don't feel guilty it's all good	 holy fuck big man raibert is here now my heart skipped a beat
 lol how is day 2?	 fucking great shit i washed hands with raibert and then talked to him learned and realized a shit ton of stuff today like spotmini has some sort of actuator in its thigh that controls its knee through a linkage that way they avoid having an actuator at the knee joint and keeping the inertia of the lower leg low the hip system is just as i suspected it to be and marc raibert only had hawaiian shirts *only has that's all he wears the rubber on spotminis foot is also springy enough so it also relies a bit on passive dynamics but not as explicitly as agility robotics does with their huge springs on cassie talked to the ceos of bd and agility, this is a huge success i would say bd also has the same stance on ai that agility does i also took a break during lunch to watch the live stream of the dynamic walking conference at ihmc in florida there were a lot of osu ppl there oh you might want to check out more of harvards soft robotics work the professor in his talk claimed that they really can make untethered systems i think soft robotics can have a huge application to wearable actuator/manipulator tech are you going to ernest's recital tomorrow? wait a sec perhaps one can have clothes that can be partly powered by their own body heat or heat in general
 ya tho there aren't enough uses for having powerd clothes yet for that to be useful	 or underwear that can turn your piss into energy and water
 but ya you could have clothing lined with tiny peltier tiles wow genius	 you think i may be kidding but you know how useful that could be for long distance travelers? actually it's probably not that useful
 uh how would it turn your piss into energy	 piss is hot as shit man
 the water part might be useful if somehow your clothes could filter your pee lol but i don't think that needs to be embedded in your clothes you could just like, u know, not wet your pants and you could just bring a water filtration device	 or you could wet your pants and not have to bring a water filter hmmmmm no more extra mass less power used
 you would probably need extra mass to carry awater filter in your pants	 but your pants are the water filter turns out a girl two years older than us already made a flashlight that can be powered by just holding it won some google thing
 yup google science fair	 yeh some google thing wait a science fair is something i think the workout i just did broke my brain
 lol wut where are you workin out or just running	 sam and i sprinted for 30 seconds over and over again until we broke btw is it true that you only have conversations that have a higher purpose like learning something? no small talk?
 lol no i'm fine with small talk but i'm pretty bad at it usually i have to force myself to try to do small talk, it doesn't come naturlaly	 oh don't worry dude small talk is easy if you've stalked your target before i talked to damian shelton i read about him for a good 3 minutes on the internet
 🐱 and if u send a safety message first	 safety messages are sacred they are meant to establish first contact not small talk 🐱 well i'm sure you can have small talk with aiyadiah right? (i actually don't know how to spell her name properly i realize)
 nah not really i mean i can hold a conversation, i just can't do small talk unless i put a lot of concious effort into it whereas some ppl can just keep talking forever about random shit naturally	 yeh like legged locomotion hours and hours too bad the robots can't walk for hours :'(
 lol nice i'm thinking of getting a ymca membership cuz i just discovered the woburn y is only like 1.8 miles from my house	 well ppl like it when others express their passion for something usually (unless you're like trying to constantly flex like an ahole) holy crap that's not bad at all
 so i can actually not be fat over the summer	 you should def do that
 ya tho aadhya got mad at me cuz she thought i only talked to her when it was about prom	 lol really?
 in reality i'm just not on messenger that much	 i mean to be fair to you it's prom soon so when it's botball grind time we only talk about botball usually it's not that bad well we also meme a lot, but that's just a natural occurrence
 ya, well i think some ppl are sensitive to that kind of thing	 yeh ppl are surprisingly sensitive to social media it blows my mind
 she posted her dress in the prom dress group and someone commented like "oh i have the dress. great minds think alike!" and she complained to me bc she said that person was throwing shade at her	 lol "great dress aiyadiah! i thought about getting a similar one" >>> "justin she's trying to undermine me"
 lol ya basically	 i feel like we will never not continue meeting people who sometimes act like that reminds me of how jenn gets annoyed with ppl breaking streaks lol
 or commenting but not liking	 lmaooo that was funny and slightly jarring i had no idea that was a thing on things such as stackoverflow i can understand since it's an organizational thing but on fb, isn't a comment basically the same thing as a like? i acknowledged your photo, even more so since i commented
 ya but theres an emotional pay off to having a certain number of likes so i guess that's why, and that ppl can look at the big fat number of likes	 what is that emotional payoff though? is it just that # ppl acknowledged your photo's existence? i suppose it's the same as the # of hits on a website
 ya	 i wonder if it would be worth to learn and fully understand such little social media intricities?
 well it may be important i think engineer / stem ppl sometimes underestimate the importance of it	 perhaps stuff for getting your name and creations out there would be useful but that would be more of a viral video than something else
 that's why robotics companies suck at marketing	 *not perhaps well you gotta say bd is amazing at attracting attention
 true but that's not marketing thats just posting a video	 what exactly is marketing
 actually one of the reasons i was heavily considering harvard was that they are very good at cultivating this aspect, good outwards presentation and social skills. at mit no one really cares about presentation or these small social things. so i would definitly fit into mit better, but i wouldn't develop or improve in that aspect	 cuz i know examples of marketing failing like when tony the tiger started to get cat called and sexually harassed by furries
 lmao	 oops we were thinking of drastically different thing
 its like outreach and marketing and stuff	 well you could develop/improve in that aspect by hanging out with harvard kids or getting a gf
 all the business stuff, getting sponsors and funding etc. lol	 preferably a girl who's into that stuff, not joking about this part
 ya that's what i'm planning on doing (hanging out with harvard ppl) we both k i'm not getting a gf 🐱	 aka sarah -> singular harvard person? lol
 ya lol nah i'm gonna try to immerse myself in some communities at harvard	 yeh i'm starting to wonder if bd and agility are so far existing solely for the fact that their tech is just top of the line there's a crap ton of smaller robotics companies that focus on smaller things like grippers that do fine, but don't nearly get as much attention as those two not cuz i'm biased but just from the general robotics community, which was kinda proven by the most recent conference/reception esp since not everyone there was an academic or r&d
 ya probably but not every company can rely solely on their technology being new and superior a lot of companies become succesfful by being good at business and marketing like amazon	 but i would argue they're not a "tech" company they use tech as a platform but they're a service what they're pushing isn't a product, but rather a service
 ok then apple	 well now they got products like the kindle, but before they had the resources to fund such projects
 yes they had new-ish tech and designs, but it was mainly their marketing and their self-identification with the youth market that drove their sales that's why jobs cared so much about their ads and even now, samsung has better tech but apple has built such good brand loyalty that they are still able to convince ppl to pay way more $$ for shittier phones	 but their biggest ad from the superbowl actually lost money if i'm not mistaken
 that's just one instance, and i'm not sure if they lost money in the long run i'm talking about their entire brand strategy	 from my knowledge on apple (mostly articles, snippets from books, and interviews) their main strength seemed to be hitting the computer game early on and having appealing design (this second point probably being the biggest, since it lead to their brand image)
 ya well apple is used a lot in marketing case studies	 that their ads were good? i don't know about now since i try to avoid ads like the plague
 their branding was good not necessarily their ads for example focusing on the value proposition rather than the features, and having very consistent and minimalist but very identifiable branding content	 so you're saying that their branding is a composition of their design philosophy and their repeated emphasis of their intentions/superiority of their product over as many social platforms as possible i wonder if irobot had better marketing if they would be bigger, you never really hear about them as a company or anything that could also be due to the roomba being in a very lackluster field (vacuuming) that naturally doesn't draw attention
 i feel like your mode of exposure tho is mainly from things like ieee but wouldnt be typical for consumers i think for a lot of ppl their main exposure to robotics in daily life is probably with roombas	 and youtube videos haha hahahahaha ... fuk me
 🐱	 but haven't you noticed that most people don't even know what irobot is? they know what the roomba is it's just something i've generally noticed with ppl, but this also going off of memory but i feel as if the roomba is more famous than the company that produces it wait a second i'm curious what kind of harvard groups are you planning on joining as an mit student? i'm assuming you can't join final clubs
 idk, whatever i can join they like got rid of finals clubs at harvard last year	 they did?! but justin how will harvard kids become more than just a rando jew going to lame parties to never be remembered?!
 i know there are a few explicitly collaboration clubs, but i might also join one of their business organizations and one of the speech and debate teams if mit's sucks	 the connections with the peers is what matters the most though in such an environment like i'll probably be aiming to be with professors given where i am but i feel as if your peers are who you want to connect with the most due to where you are and the fact that profs generally avoid industry usually lmao i was talking about this to kota and some other older ppl about this what's your stance on that? although we both haven't actually gone to college yet
 wdym stance on what?	 whether or not that peer thing is true and whether or not i should focus on the profs lol that part kinda got me like wha
 well you can do both i mean its not like you'll be spending all your time with profs i think also important is not just your peers in your school but using the city as a resource for building connections idk much about where osu is tho	 it's in a forest you have to drive through the thicket to get there there's no plane near it gotta go from portland -> drive hours -> corvallis there's a reason why damian shelton himself joked about the idea of a high tech company coming out of rural-ish oregon osu is in a similar situation as cornell i think except way less depressing and more vibrant ngl cornell had the weirdest atmosphere when i visited
 lol why? cuz its an extreme bubble tho you havent been to osu right? so do u k the atmosphere there	 yeh that's true my knowledge of osu's atmosphere has all been second hand but i have yet to find any direct negative opinions (maybe it's due to all the weed) and yeh cornell was an extreme bubble with little big robotics research, which turned me the fuk off idk something about cornell just seemed off to me i'm sure it's a great institution and all i just can't put my finger on it perhaps it's the long drive to get there, or the fact that if you want to get out it's rather difficult i know with osu albany, oregon is fairly close and it's not like surrounded wholely by forest did you ever get that feel with cornell?
 i never visited cornell i never even considered applying there bc how far they are from cities	 don't you hate how morning dumps feel so cold when you sit down
 🐱 lol	 you're up early
 i was up at 8:30 i was gonna run to the y but it's a crummy day and i'm sickish	 damn how you get sick like that i thought that wave was passing though i suppose sarah was sick
 ya it's not like deathly illness just some minor sore throat	 i would get you some chicken noodle soup but by the time i get there i'll probably also catch a cold
 lmao	 oh the woes of transportation
 nah its passing anyways the woes of being in the middle of bumfuck nowhere	 hey you got uh an elementary school nearby
 jacob naroian lol	 lmao at least you're better off than cornell
 tru i need to get back onto a schedule i've stopped doing it for a while gotta bring the notebook scheduling back i feel so unproductive	 but what do you have to do lol
 well i'm planning on practicing piano more, working out, reading a few more books and catching up on some ai	 i feel like at least personally urgency of a hard deadline that other ppl need too like when school starts really helps form an actual schedule oh i meant like what urgent or like other ppl stuff you had
 oh, then not much just some minor youth cities stuff i've already handed off mahacks to new directors and the clubs are all done except botball	 dayumnnn who are the new directors?
 kat and emily the two juniors who were on the team i'm now just on an advisory role	 what do you advise them on? stuff like "i would be a great boyfriend you know"
 🐱 lol imagine if thats what i talk about when i tutor arhutr its just me talking about my girl problems while the parents take notes	 lol "i just don't understand why aiydiah wants to wrestle me all the time" do ya think you'll still do youth cities things in college though
 oh ya bc most of the programs happen in kendall sq it'll actually be easier for me to help out	 cuz you won't be in nowhere
 lol ya i'm also directing the fall youth cities program cuz she wanted to take a step back she also just invited me onto the board of youth cities	 so you saying you basically own youth cities now?
 so i'll def be involved lol no just on the board of directors but it's not like i'm getting any shares or anything	 so you can now help fire ppl if you wanted to
 i'm just helping with advising the direction of the company	 oust the ceo or whatever job was at the time i don't think he was ceo, wtf was he when he got ousted
 i thought he was ceo	 wasn't scully ceo at that time? i might be mixing things up since i just woke up
 i thought he was chairman of the board that's why he got a vote in deciding	 ahh that makes more sense wait a sec doe, youth cities is a straight out company? i thought it was like a non profit/program under the whole of cic all this time
 it's a nonprofit but nonprofits are still companies lol it works closely with cic	 what nonprofits are still regular companies??
 lol ya	 just the classification of them are like the opposite of what most companies want
 nonprofits are just companies that have applied for "nonprofit status" from the irs lol they have to pass some inspections and stuff but ya they function mostly like regular companies	 huh who knew i sure didn't oh dude did i tell you about that company called rusty squid
 lol wut "robotics art and design" ew	 they had a quote somewhere that said (i'm paraphrasing a bit) "robots are too important to leave just to the roboticists"
 "it is time for a profoundly new shared cultural experience — granting people a moment to live outside the belief that they are superior to nature and in control of technology. " sounds like some hippie shit	 right i don't know how to react to this place the writing feels a bit pretentious lol
 but theres nothing on their website	 ikr tbh from the robot projects i've seen them do it's more of animatronics and sometimes some reactions to ppl but nothing that does anything "useful" it's like if some took the personal robotics groups and dialed up the art and dialed down the applications
 hmm interesting well i guess robotics + art is pretty much brushing up on animatronics i don't think they're tryna make useful things	 disney is going to break rusty squid's kneecaps if they aren't careful
 🐱	 they seem more of an high tech art studio with no advertisement of their previous art works lol
 welll they look pretty new	 from their youtube channel they've made several things but this makes me wonder where they get funding like even more so than bd i just have no idea what rusty squid will do, they don't seem to really have a solid direction
 well it doesn't seem like they need much funding as of now	 i like the concept of them but so far they've been recreating things that disney have done
 i think u gotta give them some time lol they're just a startup	 yeh true i guess i have the wrong expectation of startups to burst out with something fairly spectacular
 which rarely ever happenes you only get a facebook like one out of 10 thousand srartups	 i feel like there's a lot of startups that just kinda do random small things though not trying to throw shade but i know of a several startups trying to do robot grippers
 ya	 and i just wonder how they can survive
 that's why 99% of startups fail some ppl spend their entire lives doing startups over and over again until something sticks and works or until they die broke in their mom's basement	 that's kinda dark
 ya lol	 kinda wish i knew of some case studies of that, ppl utterly failing until death
 well usually ppl give up before they die	 i wonder why they fail so much though it seems like a lot of a startup is literally it's concept or whatever it's tackling
 idk were talking about hypothetical ppl. it probably highly depends	 and if what it's doing simply isn't that important they will die
 it's like working 10 yrs on a  startup then realizing amazon did the same thing but better and faster	 yeh tru i have no examples of ppl failing over and over until they just lose oh you mean havard connect? guess better example would be myspace
 lol do u mean connectu	 yeh they're the same thing i believe "originally known as harvardconnection" i got the second part wrong out of curiosity i searched up best and upcoming startups and it's all ai lol found one that's not ai it's called monsieur and it's a robot cocktail maker... why god ok i think i understand better the fact that 99% of startups fail
 lol ya well your also not gonna get a good representation of the startups out there by googling it	 then how would one get a good rep of it go to a funding round oh man if only playground was around here and not goddamn cali
 what's playground	 robotics funding place i think andy rubin runs it
 where are u going for pre-prom?	 what's pre-prom don't tell me i gotta buy more shit
 like pics before prom	 oh is that like mandatory
 lol uh no but u should	 nvm just found out i need a special part that won't come until july fuking money and shipping the worst problems in the world
 aww that sucks	 oh jk amazon sold one that might come in june annnnd i can't return the ebay one until may 31st wtf curse you online commerce!! oh wait but i can cancel it wait does that mean i lose money? oh dear god actually technically i don't _need_ that last part it's just that without it the board would be stupidly dangerous to ride but it would still be useable unsafe, but useable btw mahoneys aren't doing anymore corsages
 lol rip	 yeh i'm making one now
 i'm also kind dead lol r u actuaally	 yeh why not, skateboard is too dangerous to experiment with, might as well make something else you dead? the illness got you?
 well not conpletely it just kinda sucks cuz it's right before prom	 you should probably rest up as hard as you can rn take as many meds as possible
 godamn vaccines keep giving me the flu i better charge up my crystal therapy	 lmao idk if jerking it would help you heal faster you'll just be transferring your life energy to a crystal
 nah it's the other way i already have a bunch of crystals charged up and ready	 how would they actually discharge the crystals i wonder like stick it up their ass?
 wow or u suck the energy out	 i heard that the ass absorbs things much better there have been known cases of people dying from alcohol poisoning since they put it through their ass, but the ass absorbed it too well
 u can't really absorb something better than eating it tho lol there's a reason we don't eat into our asses	 maybe our asses absorb so well to get the last bit of nutrients from our shit wtf did i just write that's disgusting https://youtu.be/iigewrb61iq
 dafuq who took the time to do this lol	 someone who really liked his nuts the description is gold too
 jesus lol ya the description is the best part	 people will do anything for a good meme oh dude i rode in saskias tesla today things insane
 whattt saskia has a tesla	 yeh duuuudeeee since it has no engine it has a front trunk too a frunk if you will and the acceleration is insane esp with how silent it is
 damn	 the fuking door handles retract into the car
 that's why their ranked number one ya lol elon musk is actually a design genius	 did he personally design the teslas?
 i know he was picky about having the handles there like retract and shit	 lol that's like a it has to say hello moment
 yee	 would you ever do something like that i feel like i might robots are art
 hmm i feel like realistically i would force myself to be more agreeable and settle for a compromise like would u actually insist to jeopardize a product showcase just so your robot says hello	 yes
 the only reason we have positive impressions of these examples is because they worked out in the end	 don't be a wuss bruh 🐱
 but if they didn't work out then you would just be a terrible ceo	 nah i think if it's an integral part to the system
 the point is its not lol neither the handles or saying hello are integral parts of the system	 if one is showcasing a walking robot and it doesn't do anything special like jumping in a world of places like bd then you're not going to make a dent anywhere and most likely will be called a shit bd
 right but its like threatening to cancel the product showcuase unless the robot was painted red or smthn	 oh you mean like a much more minute detail well i feel like the hello one is more crucial since it's the opening act and it sets the scene and tone of the rest of the presentation the door handle though, it's more of a gimmick the hello is for the art of the presentation itself and creating an image for the product it adds personality to an otherwise piece of any other boring old tech same reasoning for why the baxter robot has eyes on an ipad when it really functionally doesn't need them
 how's the corsage lookin	 doing aight just finished kinda don't want to dress fancy now tored tired
 woah thay looks good a little big but that's probs fine	 it's to show that i make the biggest and best corsages 🐱
 what is it mounted on?	 a shit ton of hot goue glue jk i used a small foam circle i cut out layered some cloth on it to make it comfortable
 are u sure it fits her arm?	 it fits mine
 lol	 so i'm just guessing lol
 ok i forgot to recommend using one of those slap on bands that's what aadhyas friend used to make hers	 bruh what lol
 and it worked pretty well	 i thought it was supposed to be a ribbon cuz idk class something but the slap on is smart
 it doesnt have to be as long as u can't see it	 like dicks anyway emacs has been so useful since i got it on my phone
 🐱	 don't forget your propel mints in case you kiss her
 lmao i have the mint spray should i bring my computer	 dude i was just about to ask the same question
 eyyyyy we're so cool 🐱	 i needed to get and configure some software for motor controllers for an upcoming workshop 🐱 we're like casanovas
 what that	 use casanova in a sentence. noun. the definition of a casanova is a man who is passionate about women and has many lovers. an example of casanova is the story of don juan.
 ah	 wait shit my pants are too loose now if only my hips were wider 🐱 can't tell if i'm sad or just memeing now
 🐱	 i need softer toilet paper
 bruh are u still on the toilet	 yes
 have u gotten dressed yet at all	 got socks and pants
  foxy roxy missed a call from you.	 where you at man don't think i can fall asleep like this
 rip why?	 cuz the snores
 bruh	 ?
 ashley taking an art history course at uchicago 🐱	 lol what does this mean we shouldn't mean it so much anymore
 nah she only did it cuz it's a requirement	 holy shit art history can be a requirement??
 i think it's like a general history requirement and she picked that obe	 wow that's amazing why art history of all history doe there's like so much
 ya idj	 still feel like i'm in a weird state where i think i need sleep but i'm still fairly functioning
 ya same it's typical after a semi all night *alnigbter cuz adrenaline	 such a bad feeling hampering my senses btw mr. lee has the extra class mugs if you want one
 i got one	 nice took me a bit to realize what one meant in that message btw where is the concert?
 the high school? i assume	 apparently not check the mega chat
 oh wait	 shiz that's kinda far where you at rn and or rather, how are you getting there?
 bruh isn't it right in downtown	 what when i searched online it said it was woburn there's one in winchester? wth is the historic center wait a sec, where does google think i am rn lol
 lol it's right across from the train station	 fuck there's too many bugs to read outside rn i'm going to go crazy
 also it's at 7	 oh so you can walk there in time i guess i have to go back to my house to read bugs ruin everything the living beings that i hate the most
 yo roy can u save me a seat i'm gonna be slightly late	 yeh sure jk i might be late too
 wow	 btw does this cost money
 i don't think so	 here now lulu wasn't talking about the fist lol
 oh what but she zoomed in on the fist	 look around the fist
 i'm confused	 6.5/10 jk i think it's a 8/10 <3
 🐱 thanks dude	 the fist was actually supposed to be about aiyadiahs arm being slack don't worry they are just memeing everyone from the promenade video you doing gud?
 lol ya i was about to go to sleep but then i got bombarded with this shit	 ok we're done now
 lmaooo what movie did u guys end up watching	 you that was sam nah we watched howls moving castle
 oooh i really wanna watch that	 sarah fell asleep lol
 ya she told me lol	 yeh it's my favorite ghibli movie, romance, high fantasy + steampunk-ish tech
 nice ok i'm gonna go sleep have fun with the rest of weeb night	 good night justin!!
 are u going to any of the grad parties today?	 given that i woke up around now probably not are you going to any?
 probably not	 unless i actually know the person fairly close i don't see much point in going unless i'm out of food
 free food yee when is treehouse club today?	 no idea
 sams not responding rip	 probably after sarah is done with her music friends stuff alright, time to get off my ass and do stuff i suppose
 ok	 have you been hanging around at home?
 ya basically	 i feel you there already?
 yup	 i better run huh
 lol i was half scared u would sleep through graduation bruh ya	 i slept through middle school graduation i could do it again i just gotta lay down
 🐱 get ur ads over here *ass	 oh no it's bright outside are we going to the lib? wait, the grad party doesn't start until 9??
 ya lol wait u know this i told u	 i must've forgot lol my mother got annoyed with me for leaving the graduation ceremony so quickly that's a surprise
 lol bruh u didn't take any pics yo can u bring my earbuds to the partu also bring ur keyboard so we can smash lol  foxy roxy missed a call from you. r u coming? ur always active but asleep	 oops ^^" i'm bad with festivities of larger magnitudes
 ur a fucking bitch	 are you guys still there?
 no ended at 5am	 so you guys went home at 5am?
 lol that was sarah now it's justin	 yeh i could tell lol
 now it's sarah woah u could tell?	 i'm guessing you guys are at sarah's house?
 that's cool no	 well justin doesn't swear like that
 bitch	 lol
 we're outside justin's house in my car	 ahhh what did you guys do in those two hours between 5 and 7?
 talkin	 are ya coming for botball today?
 ya i might be a bit late i just woke up	 the roles have reversed i've been awake since 6:30 amazing
 lol	 a ups man just delivered a long and huge mysterious amazon box to my house
 uh	 yeh same fuk dude i think the phone number thing is still slightly bothering me emacs isn't even helping i hypothesize the reason to be that i don't understand it perhaps a nice dose of unconsciousness will cleanse my mind strangely feels like guilt though there's a lot of old and slightly awkward old men here old white men specifically ucla just sat next to me now when i mess up the demo it'll be all the more embarrassing shit i didn't study up enough
 oooh how is it going?	 im googling so much stuff rn i have like 10 tabs of electrical engineering stack exchange open rn lol learning a shit ton though i was always kind of foggy on how controlling a three phase motor worked but now it makes more sense still don't know the higher level math stuff though
 nice nice is it just a lecture? or a conference	 seems more like a lecture seminar with a demo /lab btw i saw this https://exgwear.wixsite.com/website home i think you should check them out wearable tech, more on the tech side than the wearable but still up your interest alley
 ok i'll check it out	 they also use buzz words
 machine learning	 description from robohub on that company "our first product, exgbuds, a customizable earbud-like device is based on patent-pending biosensing technology and machine learning-enabled app. it can measure eye movement and facial expression physiological signals at extremely high accuracy to generate user-specific actionable commands for seamless interaction with the smart iots and robotic devices." all the buzz the complex world of motor control has been opened to my eyes you down at the high school rn?
 nope	 how you gonna get to the meeting for sci oly today then? :oo are you getting that cardio running? i'm in the botball room rn btw
 i'll be here first *soon	 hey why do you hate sarah so much?
 ? i don't lol	 you hate me
 no i don't why do u keep saying thattr	 🐱 ok i'm back now and check out this sick pic kota weaver took
 lol	 lol sarah worries about you not liking her for some reason apparently you don't say thank you that much after she drives you n stuff? at least that's what she mentioned after you left the treehouse meeting idk if she wanted me to tell you lol but yeh. the little stuff always counts
 oh shit	 it's alright man btw you coming to botball/the game today?
 nope	 really?? whatcha doing today then
 i have to finish some pre-college stuff writing essays and such	 what the what the heck do you need to write essays for lol
 for the housing and roomate surveys, gotta write about myself and then for the freshman pre-orientation programs, gotta write essays to get in to some of the better programs	 wtf lol that's a lot i just had to tell them i want a single
 ye i need to do it before i leave for china in a few days so ru at botball?	 well it's locked rn idk what i'm doing here lol
 ah dude i wish i lived in downtown it would be so much easier to do anything	 you should learn how to drive soon lol
 ya..	 https://i.redd.it/yeye5ye3ll211.png 
 lol is that real i really hope its real	 i doubt it lol i wish all twitter accounts for big entities had amazing senses of humor
 lol the lawyers would flip their shit	 fuking lawyers ruining everything https://i.imgur.com/mcx48bp.png  fuk, these memes are just too good
 wait why does 0 == [] cuz its a null? or smthn	 fuk if i know why js does that     i'm on a fuking binge rn https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puhmpegojka diego has been eating exclusively salads the past few weeks, and has been using emacs for programming that whole time. it was about time those interests were...
 wow welp dude i fucked up	 what happened? did something bad happen?
 its ok im getting advice from sarah now	 sounds like she had a bad day in general so that's probably why she got mad
 ya probably tho according to nina she flipped out at her when nina accidently spelled it wrong too	 ahhh sarah explained it she's better than me :'( everything better now?
 ya i think so	 ahh that's good to hear you going in for botball tomorrow?
 potentially idk how i'm gonna get there tho	 want me to skate to your house in the morning and then we can bike/skate?
 well i'll be hitting the gym in the morning	 wait the woburn one? what time? kevin and i be doing stuff
 morning around 9 or 10	 unless you don't want us to be around lol
 when do u usually go?	 when i'm awake hahahahahaa 🐱
 lol 🐱 i always go in the mornings right when i wake up	 wow that's dedication right there impressive af man
 "always" = the past 3 days lol	 well, 3/3 is better than 2/3
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tinez38lpy i'm currently picking housing for next year this is my top choice rn cuz they have the best vids lol	 that was such a crap meme that it was good but the question is what does the actual rooms look like?
 its one of the most rundown dorms lol	 i feel like those extra spaces won't be used as much
 but i heard they have one of the best dorm cultures	 i did notice some of the lights looked like they were falling off lol
 the one that by far has the nicest dorm is simmons	 kevin says if you wanna do stuff at horn pond you're welcome to come
 they have a fricking ball pit	 you're gonna get pink eye from that shit lol
 oh ok thanks! (ugh to kevin, not to the pink eye)	 i think i'll do body weight stuff with kevin
 at the gym or not at the gy	 probs just at horn pond kevin doesn't really have any transport rn
 ic ok	 so you're gonna work out in the morning and then maybe somehow come to the school later lol?
 ya potentially get a ride from max https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zt1-yov7-p4 wow this dorm is wierd but interesting	 you should probably let him know now then
 ya he already said yes	 this si some weird shit man my vids were straight forward 3d videos and 3d floor plans lol https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kdvyikyhve this is what i'm aiming for next year got any more weird ass vids? are you going to turn this weird?
 shit that video crashed my chrome lol dang thats pretty nice housing is there a big difference between the dorms? i know mit has especially strong dorm loyalty/culture so thats why it makes a big difference which dorm ur in	 west hall is only for honors kids i'm not one to care much about dorm stuff lol i plan on spending my days in labs
 ah	 or out on the hills
 i feel like even if u spend ur days in labs your social environment is still gonna play a really big role in ur life quality tho	 why do you think i'm going to keep skating? i need more stoner friends
 and also i feel like college is a unique opportunity to explore what kind of person you are and what kind of person you want to be around in the future, bc you're not gonna get something like college agian	 🐱
 🐱 you'll find weed everywhere	 weed wonderland
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6apdu2fqbk this is the other dorm i'm considering, but everyone wants this dorm so i probaly won't get it	 https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/7v0td9/oregon_is_producing_three_times_more_marijuana/ 37838 points and 2842 comments so far on reddit
 holy	 the simmons videos isn't as funny *aren't seems like they have a lot though not gonna lie, the curvy walls, even from a design perspective really irk me for some reason like, it's just taking up room if they curved out, then yeh that's cool so i'm guessing you pick like your top 3 or something?
 the inside is actually super cool it feels like a cave but its still pretty spacious basically all the floors are fluid the curved walls are connecting different floors	 jeezus, i recognize that thing it's uh lives up to its name
 the curved walls make up the lounges	 i'm curious how the force is distributed through that whole thing then i find it interesting that you keep saying that college is a time to spread out more and discover more stuff idk, maybe it's just me, but i don't really see it the same way perhaps i'm just biased since i don't think the school i'm currently going to doesn't have that many other things i want to explore academically my current plan rn is to join the robo scene and get to know the pros there and finally find out why they were able to grow so quickly and big successfully as compared to other places like ucb get better at longboarding and join a group there, cuz apparently the oregon hills are crazy other than that, i don't see much, maybe check out the art scene
 i'm not really talking about academics tho	 what makes you think that it's such a time to expand like that? technically, wouldn't that detract time from honing our skills further?
 and i feel like your only counting things u have a strong interest in at this very moment	 yeh that's true but one of those things (robos) split up into a shit ton of subcategories that are all deep as shiz
 like for example i have no idea if i would enjoy for example improv or singing or like dancing but i might as well try and figure out	 i meme soft robotics, but that stuff is quite innovative and novel
 your not gonna have another time where u actually have those resources at your fingertips for u to try bruh	 ooohhh
 step outside of robotics	 that kind of stuff?
 for a minute	 can't you take that as a class though
 ya but you wouldn't in the future if u didn't k u whether or not ur interested	 feels like i'm missing a vital component to this sentiment, leading to me not understanding it
 college is really the only time to try these things so easily also things like speech and debate, leadership, philosophy, multi-culturalism all things i want to be better at / learn more about that probably won't relate to my career in the future	 things like philosophy have a use later though, like that would be something i'll try out
 but college is really the optimal time to reach out and do those things. ur not gonna be surrounded by such a diverse crowd in such a context ever again in ur life really	 hmmmmm hypothetically speaking, i don't see the point of me trying out something like dancing, a skill of which i won't use later in any context since it's path of use is very narrow (showing your skills in a party or another form of exercise) like i took up skating because it had the use of faster and convenient transportation
 right but it could just be something u do for fun in your downtime with friends its like why i still play piano just on my free time i'm never going to be a pianist but i enjoy playing piano and its fun and relaxing its just something i do to develop myself more in ways that are not knowledge or academic	 so it would be on the same categorization of things like playing games? interesting so perhaps
 well	 a good way to approach this would then to be stick with what you know for sure you want to do, and spare time to just try some other stuff even if that other stuff won't directly benefit your goal, but rather benefit you as a person experiencing life in general? that some sappy stuff right there
 i feel like one of my goals tho is to actively go and try out those things i'm not gonna only do it in my free time bc i feel like it is important there's always time to do work i feel like this also goes back to why we have different views on traveling i feel like i would cut out 6 months of my life just to spend on traveling if i had the chance bc it would open my eyes a lot of things aroudn teh world and would just be like a life-changing experience	 yeh i see that. on other hand i would only travel to places not to experience them but rather to see and learn what advances they have made in relations to specific fields i'm interested in i suppose it's just that in certain cases, our current selves value different things that would also explain why i have no interest in traveling to places like africa, south america, or northern-eastern europe i do recall that i still want to learn how to play merry go round of life by joe hisaishi but my reasoning was that i wanted to be able to play it to perform for someone, partly because it's one of if not my favorite song also i think you'll appreciate this 
 lmaooo are you meme surfing through reddit again	 yeh it's a pasttime i picked up exploring already 🐱
 🐱	 http://robohub.org/new-battery-technology-is-accelerating-autonomy-and-saving-the-environment/ new battery technology is accelerating autonomy and saving the environment half my face appears in the first picture of this article lol
 lol congrats	 basically famous as shit now also please don't let aadhya see this chat cuz my spelling of her name done working out  you missed a call from foxy roxy.
 oh woops	 lol i thought you were coming with max? it's just max and i rn
 nope max said he walked	 lol does that mean you don't have a ride?
 i can technically ask sarah but i feel bad she's at my house rn cuz we just got back from the gym	 bruhhhhhhhh
 i also need to finish work for my independent study cuz petty gave me an f for quarter 4 lol so i need to create some bs	 holy shit bruh alright btw you know that grades went out already right? you might wanna talk to burke and petty about that instead of just throwing out some bs or rather, do both
 i already talked to petty and he said the grade is changeable if i send him some stuff	 whew that's good so i'm guessing no treehouse meeting tonight then too?
 i don't think so :/ ehh i'll only be gone for like 9 days	 that's a lot of days
 and you guys will probs have a treehouse meeting when sam gets back oh wait but then sarah is leaving until the 25th so it would just be us lol	 yeh man lol
 i'll see how much work i can get done	 aight is sarah still at your house lol
 ya. she's just chilling with chris and khloe while i do work lol	 chris??
 ya. he also had nothing to do today so he just walked over	 lol wow that sounds convenient
 he's like 2 minutes walk away lol we're both in the middle of nowehre how are the robots going?	 going well, not as far as i would've hoped after you're done with your work you might want to draw/write up a plan for your team on monday esp letting tanishk know to get more on board in the building phase
 ya i will	 how you doing
 good ish still writing my essay	 still?? dang
 im getting distracted cuz ashley just got home	 sounds like confirmed no treehouse meeting lol
 ya i think so. i have to do fam stuff with her so	 tell her i said hi! and don't forget to relax from life, even the socializing lol, to recharge i'll see ya tomorrow wtf you have an insta?
 lol sarah is going through it and adding ppl	 you're doing family stuff with sarah? lol
 no ashley ended up going to sleep so we didn't do family stufff	 ahh so you guys just hanging out now?
 i'm still writing my essay :'(	 lol bruh so sarah is just loitering in your house??
 i had to take an intermission to unscrew some nuts	 what
 ya...	 did something bad happen? did you get an existential crisis?
 no like literally unscrew some literal nuts i failed tho	 what
 ya...	 what are you doing hanging around sarah that you would need to unscrew nuts lol
 lol no its not related to sarah sarah's just kinda loitering here idk	 lol
 i'm working on my essay	 she just wants to hang around you i guess
 hey roy fuck u jk ily	 love you too khloe
 🐱 🐱 ok i'm back	 good luck on finishing those essays you've been spending a lot of time on them
 thanks lol it feels like college apps all over again * 3. if your name were an acronym, what would it stand for and how would it reflect your strengths and personality? 

* 4. if you could uninvent one invention, what would it be and why? 

* 5. in your opinion, what is the most significant challenge facing society today? its like ^ those types of questions	 that's dumb who the fuk are reading it
 idk but the program i'm applying for is apparently hard to get into	 cuz you could meme the shit out of them and be the funny dude on campus lol what program?
 its the wierd life-changing one that happens in a lakehouse in groton, ma	 like an honors program ? wtf is that
 no its the freshman pre-orientation program	 sounds like a cult
 so basicaly like 5 days before orientation there are some pre-orientation programs that are optional	 why is there a special freshman pre-orientation one lol
 its like 5 days of being around your new classmates	 what would one do in those five days that's so life changing
 its run mainly by mit students i got recommended by a lot of students to do it bc its apparently worth it	 number 5 is literally the stanford question lol
 and the one i'm applying for, the freshman leadership program is the most competitive but its apparently life-changing	 what is up with all these programs and wtf do you do in them lol sounds like final clubs
 its a secret lol nah its not a final club tho, u apply for it and its just 5 days	 that last part makes it seem like an elite thing lol i wonder if it's due to salt or bias of other ppl but i have heard ppl say some mit ppl are arrogant or bigheaded or rude on the name i bet it's salt how many of these essays are you writing lol this seems like a lot i don't see how a five day thing will change your whole college experience unless they're giving you perks
 its not gonna change my whole college experience lol its just gonna be a fun 5 days	 the dude said in the chat that the ppl who went are all leaders now
 and also i'm pretty sure its just ppl who are more prone to be leaders attend flp	 if dat ain't some cult shiz idk what is giving dem the magic voodoo
 its called freshman leadership program he also said "some of the ended up being leaders" not all of them are leaders lol	 is that part of the reason why you want it? lol proving thy self
 its just probably a higher percentage of the flp crowd end up becoming leaders bruh are u ok today	 yeh though someone is calling me rn complaining about their problems and i'm so sleepy lol wait a sec did you read my things as passive agressive?
 lol ok. no its not proving anything	 is that why you asked about the are you okay today?
 its literally a 5 day weekend that sounds really fun and also i get to meet other ppl who may be like-minded	 passive aggression waists time, if one wanna fronts they better front fast i spelled waste wrong holy fuck
 maybe u should get some sleep man	 yeh but idk how to end this convo
 lol u don't need to end it just go to sleep who's calling u?	 lol that would be funny just start snoring rhea
 ah	 don't worry dude if i'm mad at you we would have a manly and epic showdown in beaver costumes
 🐱	 🐱
 but ya its just a program organized by mit students and its something to do with leadership	 perhaps you get to meet and talk to famous alumni
 i doubt it. we're in a lakehouse in groton ma lol	 and then make out with ppl
 idk if they're gonna ship noam chomsky out to groton	 it's actually where the last remains of the lsd group lives
 lmaooo true its been hiding in the shadows	 lol this chat of ours does bring up the one problem i find quite interesting with text tones and nuances just become so hard to convey and interpret i meant the prove thyself as a tease, but the same message can be seen as aggressive or mean in other contexts or the reader may be in a certain mood prone to interpret it differently masters of writing of the comedic and brown funny dudes mr. key and mr. peele made a fantastic commentary and research reenactment piece of this subject https://youtu.be/naleynxs7yo
 lmaoo	 i got a boost of energy somehow want me to read any of your essays for proof checking?
 not rn i need to finish and edit them first	 did ya finish? cuz sounds like you've got a lot of packing from the sci oly chat
 nah it's more that my mom is uptight about stuff i'm pretty much done packing	 has your mother always been so tightlaced?
 ya i think it's more i'm being more social so all these restrictions are more apparent	 lmaoo that's funny when you phrase as that
 also rhea called me for 30 min last night, i assume about the same thing she told u lol she probably called me after u fell asleep	 yeh...
 i was mindblown by ben tho	 when ben is in bro mode i suppose he's different lol
 like extremely different	 idk i didn't really understand the problem fully. to me it seemed like rhea was jealous of how much time ben spent with litzy
 that's basically it, but jealous is not exactly the right word i mean its a well documented phenomenon, choosing between the bros or the hoes once a close friend gets into a relationship	 lol sounds like a phenomenon the geniuses of the human laughter dr. key and dr. peele probably also did a study on
 lol probably but also i think ben and rhea's friendship is more toxic than typical, heightening the phenomenon like as she said, if it was jess who got a boyfriend, rhea would trust her to still be just as close to her even if they spend a bit less time together, but she doesn't feel as secure about her friendship with ben that's what i thought it boiled down to	 yeh that sounds about right i just didn't understand why she was so worked up over it
 hormones ben's got all the sophomores hot and bothered i guess 🐱	 🐱 yeh, rhea said it wasn't her being into ben but it sounds like a lot lol like sure it's fine to get annoyed but to rant for an hour plus and then some that's a whole lotta energy for that subject plus since ben has only just been in the relationship i think it's kind of normal for him to pour so much time into it
 ya	 it's like if he got into a cool new hobby he would naturally devote more time into it in the beginning maybe from our viewpoints it's also not as weird since we probably don't spend as much time socializing as rhea senior year is by far the most i've socialized and gotten out of the house
 ya def same also uhh i have some conflicting feelings about something but it's better if i talk about it in person. wanna hang out after i get back from china its treehouse club except just us lol	 yeh sure man lol, we've had that stuff a lot already
 sarah will be in the dominican	 if you're trying to tell me you're gay, sorry man i'm into girls 🐱
 🐱	 lol what, jenn and vara are going on a roadtrip? that's an odd team to go on a roadtrip i feel
 lol i guess jen and vara are pretty close tho	 really???
 damn that was quite the reaction	 i know jenn said that the rwdc group was one of the most favorite groups she worked with so i was assuming that she and vara also had friction i'm incredibly surprised by the revelation of this data
 lol ya i think her main hangout squad is joanna/vara/harry/jen and sometimes jeremy third or fifth wheels its quite interesting, both vara and jen's friendships are very much defined by their dating relationships vara and jen got closer bc jen became good friends with joanna, and then joanna match jen and harry together which brought her closer again to joanna/vara	 what the huh, i didn't even know dynamics could form like that i do wonder if how the relationship web would react/be robust enough to stay fairly intact if one of dating relationships breaks
 ya	 wow, this got nerdy even when we're talking about stuff that could almost be considered gossip
 lol ya it's a wierd way to form friendships also poor jeremy is always 3rd or 5th wheeling lol	 poor dude getting the short end of the stick :'(
 i'm also kinda glad vara found joanna when he did. he's really been leaning into that relationship since he's had kinda a rough senior yr friend-wise and most of the ppl he hangs out with are joanna's friends	 awww that's actually really nice and then next year he can get a fresh start too crap, i need to get through taking notes of 6 pages of this book everyday if i want to be able to finish before visiting campus/hopefully the lab welp, looks like for me to actually get my shit into gear
 damn which book?	 the raibert one https://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robotics/artificial-intelligence/can-a-robot-be-divine researchers explore whether robots can become useful sacred objects in a religious context wtf is this shit i just saw it pop up
 wow this may be the start of the church of the divine thrustin	 yeh right it's coming true holy crap how's china btw?
 just got here using a vpn to access messenger its basically how i remembere	 ahhhhh i mean ayyyy what kind of vpn? meet any new ppl? justin i know that he's freaky
 ?	 it was a treehouse meme
 lol wut	 there's apparently a rap lyric about bringing a girl to a penthouse and "freaked on it"
 lol wut	 yeh same lol which part of china you in?
 shanghai i'm staying there basically the whole time	 isn't shanghai an electronics powerhouse rn?
 ya but not just electronics its like a whole tech industry and international trade powerhouse shenzhen is the main electronics powerhouse	 oohhh thats right have you seen any interesting tech yet?
 no lol i'm not really here for tourism, mainly here to take care of my grandparents so i'm staying in a suburb of shanghai however, it does seem a lot more things are automated now, even in the rundown city suburbs	 really? what things are?
 the toilets in the airport were pretty impressive, they had like buttons and shit	 lol not what i imagined i gotta say lol
 its the most important indicator of a country's development i forget exactly what, its just my impression	 can't tell if you're joking or not since that actually makes sense
 everythings also a lot cleaner everyone's carrying smart devices it just seems more advanced than last time i visited	 what?? really?? i always thought of china as not the cleanliest, i remember talking to some college kids from shanghai and they claimed they hated how dirty it is
 well its cleaner than i remember its still pretty dirty	 ahh ic ic how's the weed culture?
 like nonexistant	 that's how you can really tell how advanced a civilization is shizz
 🐱	 🐱 you wanted to talk one on one when you get back right? what's a good day for that?
 idk yet, are you free those days?	 yeh sure what days doe
 uh not sure yet	 what time do you get back on the 19th?
 not sure about that either lol probably be available the 20th and onward	 what exactly do you want to talk about lol it must be fairly serious to warrant a set time and meetup
 lol just some personal stuff, feelin conflicted nah we don't need to set a specific time just whenever ur free and wanna hang out	 ahh yeh so just hanging out like after the last conference? sounds good just to make sure you're feeling alright right? this isn't anything medically or psychology dangerous correct? because then we should talk soon and get professional help
 lol no not at all ya i'm psychologically fine	 well that's a relief lol there was a rwdc thing on wednesday where they wanted to go to six flags but it's kinda expensive and sam won't be able to go lol wednesday the 20th
 oh lol ya amusement parks are wicked expensive and only occasionally worth it but u should go if u want to we can hang out anytime	 i'm also rather behind on the raibert book and shiz
 ouch. how has the 10 pages per day been doin or whatever the number was	 oh we could also watch some of the towatch movies like blade runner 1 & 2 along with that time travel one you've mentioned lol it's been bad since i keep taking notes to the point where i'm just copying the book, but there's so much info. i think my plan now is to read a paragraph first and then distill that into at least 3 sentences and try to avoid the info that is experimentally specific to the robot and focus on the fundamentals and big picture
 that's a good idea how much do u have left?	 ~150 pages lmao and turns out i got a math assessment test to take in a couple of weeks it's aight though, stuff like this makes sure i get up more readily
 that's good	 it's kinda crazy to think about just not waking up we can only perceive so much information ourselves, but the moment that stops who knows what happens technically speaking we should turn off like a computer, but it's still a comforting thought to think that there is more to consciousness than some simple sparks
 wow that quickly went to a dark place but ya i agree	 i don't know if it's really a dark place per se right (nier automata really got me thinking lol)
 i k ppl ilke sarah are scared by the idea of death, but i feel like it's just gonna be like falling asleep its only wierd cuz obviously we can never imagine what not being concious feels like	 yeh and the fact that our consciousness and more so of who we are as persons/beings heavily rely on our past experiences and memories and other people's perceptions of who we are i would argue that a perfect replica of a person, but without the same exact memories would technically be a different person, if and only if the rest of society also saw them as a different person but then again a question that could be brought up is what fundamentally makes us, us if i lost all my memories would i still think that the raw motion of physical things to be awe inspiring and even magical or is that whole experience/feeling something made up of even smaller experiences
 ya def not, cuz your attraction to different things is determined mostly by your environment you might have become an art historian if u grew up somewhere else 🐱	 🐱 yeh exactly so the we that we are right now are truly one of a kind the moment we fall asleep it can be said we become different people, since our brain filters out and strengthens certain memories during sleep so it's not just us being that determines who we are but rather our belief that we are who we are and the reconfirmations of others
 hmm i wouldn't go so far as to say when ur asleep ur a different person i feel like the reason that memories affect who you are as a person have physical manifestations, in the way your synpases connect and such. so just cuz ur asleep wouldn't change that. you can say ppl are constantly changng based on their new memories someone who gets amnesia is not necessarily an immediately different person, but they may start changing at a more rapid rate bc they're development now leans more heavily on recent experiences also shouldn't u be asleep lol its 3 am isn't it	 yeh i should but i'm listening to the wisecrack podcast about one of their writers who wrote the nier automata story there's a show called gantz that had a detail similar to this that kind of freaked me out when i thought about it the shows premise is kinda stupidly insane as a lot of japanese stories are but the themes it touches on are insane the premise is that a mysterious ball summons people who just recently died (it 3d prints them down to the molecule) back to life randomly to have those people fight aliens to protect earth but the people summoned are treated more as tools than anything else and are extremely disposable but there was one scenario which was crazy a young girl died and so she was remade by the ball to fight but she died by slitting her wrists in the bath so the problem arises when the ball thought she was medically dead and so it printed her however someone found the original girl and sent her to the hospital, ultimately saving her so now there's a version of the girl that has no knowledge of anything of the aliens or the ball and one who was literally supposed to be the "reincarnated" girl literally everything the same except some new memories of the alien fighting and stuff that threw me in for a loop
 lo lol i think u told me about this show wait but why does the ball need to only print dead ppl then? i assumed the ball has to reincarnate dead ppl cuz somehow like when someone dies the ball can trap their soul in a newly manufactured body but if the ball can just print bodies when it thinks ppl are dead, can the ball just print an entire army using the ppl he's already printed as templates	 oh the dead people part was more of not to mess around with human society too much it's more like a hey these guys actually survived and it's more bleak than the soul thing i don't recall souls being mentioned there was one messed up scene where the group of human fighters meet an near omniscient group of aliens who also gave humans the instructions of how to make the ball (by giving it through code by the mentally impaired daughter of a rich german manufacturer) and then just to prove that human lives mean nothing the aliens recreate all their dead comrades and loved ones and make them melt alive in front of the fighters just to prove that they have no power and humans aren't special at all the revived people remember the moments before they died and once they realized they were dying again they were freaking and and shit the sheer idea and premise of that freaked me out for a while lol idk why or how but these japanese stories can just fuk with you and make you uncomfortable on another level. i haven't seen any other form of media and producers be able to induce that feeling especially crazy shit like the original evangelion i think imma take some philosophy classes when i get the chance
 ya damn anime has such a wide range	 yeh right i also just thought in ghost in the shell they mentioned that the majors only human part was her brain right and even then the brain had like a cyber brain around it so the puppet master was a conscious in the cyber brain and lacked a real brain, but was able to produce a ghost and so when the major and puppet master fused does that mean the puppet master became her cyber brain extension and then how would the consciousness work then, since it doesn't appear to be split personality at all. perhaps it's more of a voice in the head or maybe they literally fused in every sense. memories are now shared and thus they have become a new being (i tried to sleep but i couldn't stop thinking) and that brings us back to the point of how our environment and memories form who we are
 ya that was one part that could be iffy theres no way that the hardware of major's cyber brain could be wired to handle its own conciousness that can be fused with the real brain their whole fusing thing should be limited by the hardware inside major	 the brief explanation they had seemed to me that the cyber brain was more of an addition to the current brain like adding more lobes that specialized in machine interface like how we have parts of our brain that specialize in controlling our body so it could be a brain plasticity thing, where the brain will adapt to it but yeh, this might be stretching too far and that the ending was more philosophical than extreme hardcore sci fi it's interesting since the movie seems to have the message that melding with machines is not a bad thing at all and it in fact could be the next step in human advancement but at the same time the major had the whole inner conflict with how being so much machine is cold and makes her question her own self so the ending could either be her accepting that she is not that much of an individual or it could be that by melding with the puppet master she becomes even more special and an individual due to her new unique existence as a new being i wish this movie got more analyzation than being a sort of obscure cult classic lol sorry i'm just bombarding you with my loosely put together 4 am thoughts y can't i fall asleep lol https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qe-gdnil8wi this song is so good is this engineering
 🐱 holy shit gt memes strike again	 righttt pretty good welcome back to winchester btw lol did you hear from max about a breakfisto? how was china overall?
 yup ugh hot and dusty	 dusty? really not usually an adjective one hears about a country lol
 its interesting, there seems to be a lot faster adoption of some technologies in chcina than in the us for example, hardly anyone carries cash anymore. everyone pays with wechat pay similar to apple pay	 i kinda like cash doe, since i ain't got no bank shit before as a younging but yeh that's definitely more efficient
 like i had to spot my grandparents to tip a graveyard cleanup person who didn't have wechat pay ya its basically only kids who carry cash on them, and even then a lot of them just have a joint account with their parents	 damnn any other tech? and i thought tipping was only an america thing
 oh they have a very convinient grubhub-like service except its much more widely used than grubhub, its much cheaper and faster too bc labor costs are so low in china instead of going out and buying bubble tea, which would only be like a 10 min walk away, my aunt ordered bubble tea for delivery and it arrived in like 20 min grubhub would take over an hour usually and we weren't living directly in shanghai city either, we were in a suburb everyone uses wechat there, i think its subsidized and promoted by the government, so there's only one major social media platform that everyone uses which is really convenient oh my grandparents bought a ripoff amazon echo lol. its very obvioius that the design was ripped off its listening capabilities are also worse but overall can do the same things and functions the same way	 i can see potential concerns though with a social media platform that's government promoted and dominates more than just media (like pay) interesting so the software is just worse?
 i mean they aren't potential concerns if the chinese gov already actively censors all media	 i'm guessing they can easily replicate the hardware once they get one and see the documentation
 the exxterior was also less slick and felt more plasticky	 ok maybe not all the hardware lol i wonder if the listening is a hardware mic problem not being as good or if the software was not up to tier or both the fact that they can replicate that stuff so fast is pretty impressive by itself
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqblcxvjjeq i don't think the ai is that bad and it seems like there are functionalities that alexa can't do	 ooohhh i thought it was a spot for spot replica not a separately designed thing
 nah its actually a big brand product xiao mi is one of the biggest chinese phone companies but it has the same light loop thing at the top and its functionalities are basicaly the same	 not sure what mi means but doesn't xiao mean small? kinda like micro soft (with micro being a synonym for small) my brain is so rattled after all the roller coasters today yeh that's a lot of the same design then lol so much for copyright
 xiao mi means little rice lol	 what the fuck
 the ai itslef is called "xiao ai" which is a spin on ai which sounds like "love" in chinese	 small love?
 its more of a nickname than a translation ya its like a thing in chinese to nickname someone "xiao -- [insert word] "" did u go to six flags?	 ahh that makes sense and yeh i did with the rwdc squad minus sam since he had to music unfortunately
 nice	 very quality engineering on those rides, but idk if i can handle another day on those things lmao
 also it seems like xiao ai has a wider range of functionalities than alexa it's hearing capailities were just bad, i think it might just be the hardware cuz the same xiao ai software is also used on xiao mi phones as their version of siri	 #hardwareisstillafieldofpriority shit i had no idea there was a whole separate chinese competitor to all these american stuff have you heard about these before? when do you wanna hang out btw now that you're back work got pushed back to july 2nd for me since they're running a background check on me rn
 oh lol i can basically do anytime how about friday?	 yeh sure that sounds good i'm guessing my place unless you want to do it at yours? i figured out how to bike so i can do hills and long distance now
 wowwww imoressive probably yours.	 kkkkk aight imma take this perfect opportunity to reset my sleep schedule now welcome back again! good to have you back around gnight!
 cyaa	 shall we stay at botball until 4 and then hang out at my place tomorrow?
 i actually might not be able to go to botball today bc i have a lot of work to catch up on after china	 lol wut what work is this? and does that mean no hanging out today? what’s your status like rn
 i should be able to come over but my mom wants me to video call my grandparents in china after dinner so it might be a bit later like 8	 lol aight how you gonna get here though
 my mom probably	 sounds good you still coming?
 yup i'm leaving my house now	 kkkk good bants also btw sarah comes back monday at night shiz
 rip	 welp shit yeh idk might wanna try to talk to her or setup a time oh btw this is the cheapest one i found real quick, with free shipping too https://www.ebay.com/i/390958443090?chn=ps&ul_ref=https%253a%252f%252frover.ebay.com%252frover%252f1%252f711-117182-37290-0%252f2%253fmpre%253dhttps%25253a%25252f%25252fwww.ebay.com%25252fi%25252f390958443090%25253fchn%25253dps%2526itemid%253d390958443090%2526targetid%253d379756164452%2526device%253dm%2526adtype%253dpla%2526googleloc%253d9001913%2526poi%253d%2526campaignid%253d962079499%2526adgroupid%253d51784542430%2526rlsatarget%253dpla-379756164452%2526abcid%253d1129816%2526merchantid%253d101732787%2526gclid%253deaiaiqobchmizojh3vro2wivap7ach367wfxeaqyaiabegjwjpd_bwe%2526srcrot%253d711-117182-37290-0%2526rvr_id%253d1574941323995%2526rvr_ts%253d2aee3e211640a88a9cd2360ffff2bc72 usb ac power supply adapter cable for xbox 360 xbox360 kinect sensor
 oh sweet thanks	 no problemo you gonna do machine learning computer vision! *? also you good with sarah on monday?
 ya for the 2nd and maybe for the first if not computer vision i can use the kinect for gesture controls when i build my ai girlfriend 🐱	 lol actually there was this one japanese dude who put a kinect up near his ceiling and then he motorized his trash can so then whenever he tossed a piece of trash the trash can would zoom under the trajectory to catch the trash
 that's actually amazing but also u would need to always keep ur floor xlean for it tobwork *clean	 yeh that’s the trick though actually but for things like clothes it wouldn’t work darn
 welp definitely not my room	 what about a drone trashcan wait what if you do end up like choice of robots but i’m not really like josh in terms of what we’re interested in lol eh it’s cooler to have your own story anyway
 i could live joshes life in choice of robots he has some pretty sweet arcs	 what was one those sweet arcs? i need my memory jogged
 well if u didn't end up founding a company that would compete with his, he basically goes off and does what your startup arc would have been instead and becomes super successful and at some point i think u can choose to work for him	 danggg yeh i don’t think i ever did the route of founding a company without him i always worked with him and founded stuff together sounds like something you would do though, go off and found your own huge company do you think you’ll go through the phase of selling your startup or will you stick with it all the way cuz paypal is useful and all but muskys current work is debatably cooler and more impactful i won’t forget to write you that christmas card lol
 lol i would be completely open to sell my startup if i feel i want to move on to other things i don't think i would stick with doing the same thing for over a decade	 really? that’s interesting, yeah you do seem like there’s a lot you want to pursue and try out are you still free on monday?
 ya i should be	 wanna try to watch some bladerunner or death note? or fool around on a potentially dangerous and unfinished electric skateboard
 lol ya sure did all the parts come in?	 yeh, the programmer came in haven't put it together yet though bruh don't ruin for yourself this is a test and you're failing the test!
 bruhh i was already asleep and then i woke up and accidentally opened my phone lol	 lmaoo i think she really wanna tlak to you i feel doe fuk, woke up kinda late
 lmao oh shit i fucked up	 ? did you forget to message sarah about meeting up or something lol
 u remember the guy who kept waving at me john dunleavy	 uh oh
 i thought it was brian dunleavy, a guy in our grade, but its actually his brother who has downsyndrome in my mind i thought it was brian dunleavy who had his account hacked	 ooohhh well that's not something "fucked up" i would say just a wrong conclusion
 it could have been a lot worse. cuz i know brian dunleavy is kinda an asshole cuz i went to elementary school with him, so i was about to be super rude	 lol
 idk i feel bad now	 if it makes you feel better, from reading the chat nothing seems wrong/bad lol, if you opened up with "hey asshole stop waving at me" that would be horrible
 ok phew anyways hows it goin how late did u guys end up calling yesterday?	 i think it was close to 1 or something? sarah just wanted to know more about my feels between you guys dating she's pretty nervous about it all otherwise rn i'm just studying the book i wish i had better discipline naturally lol
 lol wait really? nervous in waht way	 she's nervous about if you really want to go for it (the relationship) and stuff partly due to you being more logical as to her being more emotional and other variables like college about to start i didn't really tell her your concern about college starting and meeting new people and all that stuff lol, is this what gossip is like not as exhilarating as i thought it would be considering how hyped some people get for it
 lol ya same and ya i'm not sure what i'm gonna do we're meeting on wednesday to discuss it i'm kinda nervous too	 oh are you guys not meeting late night today? yeh it's understandable that you guys are both nervous but hey at least you guys are both being rather mature about this
 hmm after some thought and talking with ashley i think its a no	 you're gay???? jk jk
 mainly for the reason that we're only gonna be seeing eachother for 12 days in the summer, and then college starts. which yes i"m gay which is inevitably gonna be an emotionally turbulent time and according to ashley, everything changes up in college. theres a lot of perspective shifts and stuff as you deal with a completely new environment	 hmm interesting well i hope you two (you and sarah) are able to come to a satisfying conclusion on wednesday then that's a lot it might be hard depending on how much you two both like each other, cuz it may be unbalanced i'm not saying that no is a bad choice, but it may be a hard choice for one of you two
 are u hinting that sarah would be pretty upset was she very much for going for it when u guys talked?	 i don't know if she was super for it but she was suspecting you might say no i have no idea if she's ok with that or not or rather, how much ok she'll be
 hmm ok to be honest i also don't know to what degree i like sarah since i don't think i've actually super intensely liked anyone before	 really??
 like since sarah is such a close friend, i don't like her in the butterflys in ur stomach / blushing way	 have you ever met someone you just couldn't stop thinking about? oooh
 but i know i really enjoy being around her and emotionally connect with her a lot nah not really tbh	 ahh, yeh that does sound more "comfortable" like you said before
 or not to an extreme degree	 maybe you'll find the one to give you butterflies in collegio
 maybe	 just don't get infatuated lol, that's dangerous on a brighterside, someone injected gmo's into this banana 
 lol i don't think i would be the type of person to be obssessed with another person holy fuck what wtf is that	 it's a banana with three cores it seems it's horrifying lol
 it looks like that pokemon	 yeh no one wants that kind of obsessive person lmao there's a banana pokemon??
 ok not as much now i remember what it looks like but the resemblance is kinda there	 isn't that based on a pitcher plant not a banana? lol
 ya lol	 i gotta say though that's quite the mature move from you the whole no thing i think i would be too naive in a situation like that
 maybe deep down i just know im meant to be single forever	 lmao *a month later sarah i don't have a girlfrienddddd
 lmao	 hmm yeah i don't think i've ever seen you love sick before what about sunning or jenn? i remember that enka you were looking for jenn around the place i think that's the closest i've seen you literally chasing a girl lol
 silly roy how can u be the alpha in the relationship if ur lovesick 🐱 ya i don't think i have been truly lovesick yet, merely just had small crushes and when i get a more intense crush i bury myself in work	 🐱 lmao be careful in the future then don't wanna be alone throughout the entirety of college lol
 ya...	 i'm sure you'll meet a good friend group at mit hopefully lol idk i'm the dude who's living in a single in freshman year prepared to bring robots for decoration and live in a lab
 🐱 i hope so well ur friends in college are gonna be centered a lot around ur clubs and activities	 or centered around weed 🐱
 cuz unlike high school college classes are usually so big it realy doesn't matter if ur in the same class as someone in terms of socializing weed = activity lol i know i'm joining hackmit, which i heard is a really tight friend group so at least i know i'll have some friends lol	 guessing that's a software hackathon? you planning on joining the actual team that runs it?
 ya they also run bluprint which is the high school hackathon	 oooh huh so they're a whole organization dedicated to running hackathons?
 yup	 did you see that someone keyed lulu's mother's car with the n word on it?
 they're under a larger organization called techx that runs a bunch of student events around campus	 oh wait, we're still talking about hackathon my b lol
 wait what wdym keyed	 they used a key to scratch her car
 wtf really	 yeh it's on the winchester residents page pretty crazy huh
 damn	 it's strange to see mathematical equations be so directly applied to described motions of the robot i love it math has a purpose! instead of solving an equation to a motion the equation does that and describe it
 ya that's how i felt for some ai algorithms as well except its a little too much math at this pt https://youtu.be/vc0ergedkbw this is such a good 2 am sitting alone in a hammock song	 lmao that sounds chill btw is tanishk only able to use one servo? i’m helping him out with hardware today
 uh i lost track of how many servos the battleship has	 and it would the robot a little bit more reliant if it could lift the pieces off the ground, since the friction of the game pieces effect its driving battleship has 2
 and maga has 2 right	 yeh
 so ya middlebot can use more	 alright i’ll give it a pitch servo
 ok sounds good i'll be at botball tomorrow	 i thought you were meeting with sarah tomorrow
 nah we're gonna meet on vo tonight / tomorrow morning	 oh shizzzz lay it down easy doe sarah seems to be kinda really into you
 shiiiiit	 idk this seems a bit messy she was talking to me about how nervous she was about this all happening
 really? well u told me that already ig uess but nervous in what way	 and that it’ll be hard for her afterwards since she’s obsessed with you she didn’t specify
 shit really	 she claims it’s nervous since she doesn’t know abything
 so she expects me to say no?	 i got no idea what she expects lol idk if she’s ok with me sending this info but i feel like for her sake it’ll be better since then you have a good gauge of how much she’s into you
 yeh	 aight let me spam this chat with some pics to bury this
 i feel like i can't provide what sarah needs/wants 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱	 aight i think we’re good lol but yeh idk sounds like rn she’s more into you than you are into her i need to help tanishk with hardware issues rn lol
 idk maybe its just cuz i'm not a super emotional person	 take it ez though man lol that’s funny
 so even if do like her as much i don't feel it as strongly	 you can feel da angst but you can’t feel the feelz
 shit lol 🐱 🐱	 🐱 i can discuss with you later probs if you want gotta do some hardware now lmao
 ok tell tanishk i said hi	 it’ll be alright though lay it down soft and don’t jump off the roof
 damn now i'm all nervous for tonight i feel kinda sick to my stomach	 ah shizzz bruhhh
 ?	 you’re nervous too?
 well ofc	 man i was gonna make some more communist and wwii jokes but then i realized that there are youngins in the gcer chat
 ya lol good good ur learning to restrain urself or else you'll be lynched in oregon	 aw man if i was white i could stereotype america so hard walk in, blasting loud music with a maga hat, burger king in each hand
 macdonalds is more american lol	 oh tru, and then have a shirt with shitty asian characters on a less offensive note you two still meeting tonight?
 yup	 mannn that’s some heavy shit
 ya.. i'm still nervous as fucj	 yeh i feel like i’m watching a crash from the sideline i can’t imagine how nervous you two feel
 well i was telling sam this. u and sam will be the ones dealing with the wreckage whichever way it ends up going	 yeah man wtf i need some compensation jk we got'chu guys idk, what are you gonna do?
 wdym	 like how are you going to bring it up you two gonna sit there up on vo? and then just discuss it? but you've already made a decision i suppose it could work out since she's more anticipating/waiting for your answer
 ya basically uhh	 lol what's with the extra "uhh"
 idk lol	 do ya think a late night skate will be worth it also don't go in super nervous or else she'll go in super nervous idk something something it's only awkward if you're awkward
 i think late night skates would be worth it especially if u have something to think about or just wanna distress	 but i'm wearing dark clothes rn lol
 *de-stress lol	 oh wait, i got leds
 well there's also not gonna be a lot of cars	 i ain't got much to distress though
 well it's still peaceful i enjoy 3 am walks a lot	 hmm tru i already slept from like 8 to 12
 4 hrs or 16 hrs lol	 4 don't worry lol
 lol then ya i would say go for it u can skate over to vo and be ready to diffuse the situation if it goes sourh	 lol i could actually don't think sarah would appreciate that though lol
 lol ya	 think i'm gonna take notes until i'm sick of it and then skate what's the correct words in this situation for you good luck probably isn't the best thing to say nor is have fun
 ya... idk	 don't fuck up is also a bad thing to say here what about "don't worry too much, it'll be alright in the end"
 thanks lol	 no problemo fuuuu i don't understand the kinematics and inverses on these diagrams and it's 4 am holy fuck anyway, i hope you're doing well i'll see ya in tomorrow i suppose and i'll get ya a cold one
 thanksss i just got back home lol	 geezus that’s late af
 shouldn't u be asleep	 i saw a video about pcb making yeh i should be lol we have botball not too long from now too lmao hopefully you two are still good?
 ya i have to wake up in like 3 hrs ya were def on a good note i'm feeling a bit conflicted tho well not a bit lol	 conflicted how so?
 also i do think she likes me more than i like her	 yeh i got that feeling too she really wanted to talk to you/missed you when you were in china
 but idk how to tell her that	 that was actually one of her concerns
 i thought about her while i was in china but not like all the time	 that she likes you more than you like her so i think she must have an idea of it if she doesn’t think it already
 ya..	 that was also probs why she was annoyed when you came back from china and didn’t talk to her immediately/the left on read thing lol
 basicallg our conclusion was that we should hang out as close friends until we both enter college and get things settled, and then see then if we want to get into a relationship oh ya... rip but i feel like she wants to start basically dating now like not call it dating but basically dating idk it doesnt feel completely right tho another thing i was thinking was since i've never really liked anyone in our school a lot, i like sarah def the most out of anyone i've ever liked but idk if that feeling i'm getting is really a lot or not	 you don’t feel right about the plan to wait or the idea of “dating” now? lol so you basically have no real gauge since you haven’t been super emotionally into anyone before interesting well if your feelings for her last after the first months of college then you can probably safely say that’s pretty strong not everyone feels the same intensity as shown in cold cold man by saint motel, an excellent musical commentary on more stoic men idk what i’m spouting anymore  you missed a call from foxy roxy.  you missed a call from foxy roxy. your cousin looks a lot like ashley lol
 lol kinda	 who looks like you so by transitive property you look like a 13 year old girl jk jk
 🐱	 🐱
 i just spent another half hour on the hammock listening to am	 lol dude you doing alright? charging up your angst crystals?
 ya pretty much	  foxy roxy called you.
 wait i need some advice sarah and i talked about going to see incredibles 2 on friday, but she was hinting that it would be a date	 use a buck converter oh that kind of advice
 but i feel like i don't want things to progress in that way right now but at the same time it would be kinda nice	 lol damn, what happened to the whole thing ahh yeh ic ic
 arghh	 nice in that you want to see incredibles 2 or that you want to hang out with sarah? since the later contradicts your statement of not wanting things to progress that way
 no i'm fine with hanging out with sarah, and i personally am fine with hanging out with ppl i like in a friend way but for sarah according to her, its hard for her to hang out with someone she likes unless its in a romantic way so i want to hang out with sarah but i'm afraid she will interpret as taking it to the next level tbh i just want things to be the same as before :'/	 yeah she mentioned something similar to me, the how she thinks its hard, but she also told me she wanted to back off since she doesn't like it when she likes someone more than they like them, but but she also said that she's 100% fine rn lol lmaoo, is the regret already starting, don't sweat it too much i think your two options rn are to either 1. trust that sarah is fine and understands your stance well enough 2. call it off or pull a "can i invite another person" move lol calling it off and the other person will kinda result in the same thing, but calling it off is way more harsh. however, the inviting thing is kinda a lame move on sarah if she just wanted it to be you two lol, but then again if she wanted it to be very strictly you two then it could hint romantic or maybe she just wants to hang out and see how it goes idk man, it's hard to predict emotional stuff like this lol esp since she mentions that she's pretty romantic *emional not romantic lol emotional there were also moments when she wanted me to say something about you, for example when you looked for jenn during an enka, she said she could handle whatever it could be, but then she didnt lol
 lol actually the reason i messaged u was cuz i was about to talk abotu going to see incredibles in the treehouse chat pulling an invite another person move	 lmao i feel, i would do that too
 but idk also wait what happened to sarah during enka? or like she reacted badly when u told her about me looking for jen	 nah nah nothing happened to sarah, it was when we were hanging out and you wanted to find jenn
 ooh wait this year?	 yeh sarah said she would be fine no matter what the story was, but then she was like, "oof" yeh this was probably within this week
 ah damn idk what to do i'm really afraid i'm gonna hurt sarah's feelings but i also recongize if i go with it too much i could hurt sarah even more later if we don't end up dating	 yeh that's very true she also didn't ever mention seeing incredibles to me before so she probably wanted it to be a you two thing idk you could pull a move like, we can shop together before seeing the incredibles and then i'll be like wut but that would be putting up an act lol, idk how you would feel going through with something like that
 ya i don't think iwanna do that maybe i'll just ask her	 oooh, good thinking asking the source
 on vo i told her i like to be direct and asked her if she would be ok with that and she was like "ya i can handle it" but i'm not sure lol	 exactly lol, i feel like she sometimes just says stuff and then can't handle it later except for horror movies, she just refuses to watch them
 ugh idk how to deal with this	 now with the third option that seems like the most logical and straightforward option and it lines up with what you claimed how you will act not to mention it's not as abrupt as asking someone else to come
 ya ok are you down for 7 pm tomorrow? for incredibles and walking around / eating dinner in boston beforehand	 lol yeah sure was she ok ok with it?
 ya i think well i mean i feel like she wasn't completely ok with it but	 lol time to third wheel super hard it's ok, i'll just be calling sam the whole time
 lol uh i just want things to go back to normal	 what was normal to you though?
 idk i guess close friends fyi were about to come kidnap u if u don't wanna come to bois night just lmk lol but ur probably asleep	 i was asleep i need to start chapter 4 of the book now lol
 lol ok are u on track	 lmao fuk no i’ll have to be hauling so much ass
 rip	  foxy roxy called you.
  foxy roxy missed a call from you. what kind of weeb stuff would iman want	 depends on what’s in stock it’s called danganronpa
 ok there's like no anime merch besides actual books here	 ahhh no worries
 would she like a mindful as fuck tshirt lol	 uh her family is there at the party extended family
 ya i think i'll have to go back to get sokmething later	 https://www.cnet.com/news/honda-stops-developing-asimo-its-friendly-humanoid-robot-report-says/ wave goodbye to asimo. "the automobile giant is said to be shifting focus to developing more practical robots" a dark day has come
 oh no the dreaded application	 feelsbad "spotmini will be the first robot boston dynamics commercialized in its 26-year history." holy shit they're 26 years old https://www.therobotreport.com/amazon-consumer-robot-mobile-echo-show/ bloomberg recently reported that amazon is working on a secret home robot. people keep sending me the link and asking “what do you think amazon’s robot is going to do”? first, let me be clear that i don’t have any inside info about this. i founded the cloud robotics team at google back in 20... i'll probably have to read this when i recharge my stamina but the article seems interesting https://www.therobotreport.com/chinese-xiaoyi-ai-platform-passes-national-medical-licensing-tests/ they also have their own version of pepper lol we’re picking you up after sarah
 ok sounds good	 your street is 11 thornberry street right?
 yup	 that japanese hobbiest who made some impressive quadrupeds with off the shelf components used it to make a wombat lol https://youtu.be/gs_gbbwgn7w
 lmaooo how's the dark side treatin ya?	 lots of business stuffs i wore a t shirt and red sneakers i kinda stand out
 lol what did u do on yr first day	 learned air force stuff acronyms lots of business form names how the company is structured drank some kool aid 🐱
 🐱 export control? did they give u the "leak information and the government will kill you" talk	 nah that’s tomorrow lol how’s your boat though? have you played lonely islands boat song outloud yet?
 i'm still in boston lol about to board	 how long are you there again?
 until the 9th	 *whew cuz i think we’re way behind on botball every time i leave something breaks on krakatoa i’m not even exaggerating
 damn	 you and i never had this problem though if you weren’t here the software didn’t break if i wasn’t there the hardware didn’t break and vice versus *versa we were able to keep the train running even if one of us weren’t there i don’t get ittttt i’m also a bit triggered since i’m getting these it broke messages while i’m at work trying to not break their code oh i’m helping out with some buzzwords rn machine learning
 lol really? wait is it hardware that's broken or software	 yeh i can’t say what for but it’s buzzy
 and what machine learning r u working in on oh	 using tensor flow lots of complaining about python paths and different environment configurations
 wait so ur just doing software then	 and it’s hardware that’s breaking yeh hardware breaking for botball
 did i hear ur using the best programming language	 i’m ok with that though, i need to brush up on my cs
 that's right fuck yea	 i can do electronics and hardware at home not ok with python though the other interns were all impressed when i said i used emacs lol
 lol	 “look randy, he’s (gonna be) a real programmer” little do they know i just use it to browse ieee 🐱
 🐱	 jk jk it’s nice here though at aptima i was fairly alone in what i did i’m also using r to help out with data shiz histograms for days
 damn looks like ur starting on ur path to the most interesting field in existence	 data science? 🐱
 they have some pretty good animatronics here	 what kind of fancy ass cruise you at and yeah that’s pretty believable on first sight, impressive
 i'm at universal studios	 oooohhh ^link^ yet another top meme from buzz wait a sec i learned from work yesterday that apparently in python nan is technically a float data type and so if nan causes problems then the readout would be a float error that's so weird gotta find out the history to this awww the reason isn't that full of interesting history it's just from ieee 754 formats include nan in their definitions
 huh that's wierd	 have you discovered anything new in your cruise?
 i'm still in florida about to go on the cruise today	 wait wuttt you weren’t on a boat this whole time?!
 no i was at universal remember i'm probably gonna lose internet apparently on the nasa atlantis shuttle, the robotic arms are all made by canada cuz apparently in the 80s canadian companies could make robotic arms with more advanced motor control than the us	 dang now that’s actually super interesting i wonder why the us got ahead now, you never really hear of canadian robotics nowadays canada even helped with massrobotics since they talked about how they want to spread knowledge and try to make something similar up there in the snow how long are you cut off from the rest of society?
 for 3 days well my family has one internet pass so i can occasionally go on the interwebs	 internet planes that beam lasers of knowledge to people around the world is very much needed i also have some new info to report and you’ll find this slightly concerning, i also found it bad there’s a little robot drone called switchblade it’s super advanced, seems like it has the capacity to be autonomous and just goes around slamming itself into people and completely killing them it’s also small and incrediblely hard to track 🐱 i need to write and share this idea before i forget hurst’s idea was to design legs with the idea of mechanical dynamics in mind, no longer placing motors at joints just because that’s what it’s like in animals well how come full on humanoids haven’t been built with that philosophy the arm could be built with low inertia in mind so when swinging it wouldn’t cost as much energy ok that’s the skeletal idea thanks lol
 back in boston i missed internet so much	 welcome back!!! yeah now you can reconnect to humanity my nurse met someone from bd doe, it’s insane he got to see a sneak video of probs handle v2 that can jump over a car! how was the cruise overall? fuk dude this comic made me cry in the hospital
 damn that was really sad	 right dude??
 why are you crying in a hospital?	 that shit fucked me up
 still checkin up on the diahhrea	 the comic was why i cried in the hospital lol
 i meant why in a hospital lol	 closing your eyes and opening them to a few minutes left, that’s terrifyingly sad shit ooohh virus apparently i need to check up with my doc again cuz apparently my potassium levels in my blood are a little too high and something something heart
 oh damn wait are you staying at the hospital?! or just visiting again	 i was until like an hour ago now i just have to visit again
 damn what virus do u have aids?	 yeh it’s cuz i got vaccinated 🐱
 🐱	 heard you drank a beer though!
 the governments poisoining u	 did you get drunk and then become the wolf of wallstreet?
 lmao no i just drank one can of beer my cheeks turn a bit red and my face was warm that's pretty much it	 lol you have asian flush?
 mayb? i don't think i've had enough alcohol to k lol. it was just like a tiny bit red red cheeks are a typical thing for alcohol i think	 shit i didn’t realize you were asian sorry i can’t hang out with you anymore i only hang out with protestant honkies
 🐱 have u been watching too much black dynamite	 maybe and sad comics
 lmao i actually watched another episode	 it’s quite the contradictory viewment
 u didn't mention that the orphanage was also a whorehouse	 oh you did?? oh yeh
 lmaoo	 forgot about that lol
 "a hoe mammas better than no mamma"	 lmao dude this show has so many good quotes
 ya ikrr	 some of the lines i don’t get at all but then after you google them you learn a lot
 damn like what like honkie lol	 lmao nah i knew that from the south this show is where i learned what a pimp hand was
 uh	 🐱
 " the hand used to smack your ho's around. " damn	 yeh not even pc nor ph pg there was a whole episode where about how the long haired pimp in black dynamites crew had a weak pimp hand and so his hos bossed him around like he was a beta this fukin show
 🐱 hows the job going? what kinda machine learning stuff are you doing	 something about forests lol idk there’s only one dude building the neural net one person on gui one person on servers and then just data science i helped a little bit with the data science and servers cuz linux
 lol what do u mean something about forests are u dealing with data regarding forests or are u using random decision forests for ur algorithm yo r u home?	 yes i am now decision forests not random though idk if i can say what the data is about but there’s more than a terrabyte of it all
 oh damn	 that’s why they had to use and maintain servers to store and aggregate all the data
 ya wow but u said the thing they were doing was like a contest? is it actually doing something useful or more like a training exercise for interns	 yeh the contest is to make and solve various problems that booz allen can use and or for future r&d nah, trying to actually make useful things now i wish i didn’t join so late lol
 ya rip hopefully tho they'll put u on more things that's how my first week at accion was, i basically just read over some manuals of different msp430 models, and a lot of the time i was on messenger lol cuz i finished early but that was cuz i was accions first intern cuz it's a startup so they didn't completely k what to do with me, and plus my supervisor was at a conference. it got a lot better once they assigned me to help actually do some stuff with my supervisor in the later weeks	 msp430, that sounds familiar, based on what i remember i think that’s a texas instruments chip, 16 bit, wow i got to the point where i can recognize some chip model names i’ve become a loser nerd how can i become a chad now?! 🐱 and that’s fairly relieving to hear your experience with all that hey someone had a semi-similar idea to me! and reddit’s comment section strikes again lol
 woah that's pretty cool	 “one week after release:

marijuana robots continue to evade police”
 🐱 lmaoo	 dudeee instead of robots delivering power to people have weedbots that give people dank lush *kush need to smoke a joint in the park? no problem, just call for a weedbot
 damn now that's a venture i would fund	 🐱 actually that would be a fun little side project, making an autonomous plant bot like upgrade that robot up a little to be able to drink water to water the plant the ultimate plantbot would be that the plant somehow powers the robot
 ya that would be amazing also r u able to leave early from work?	 i can technically leave by 4 but i ain’t got no transportation
 ah sarah wants to go boda borgin and she said she could pick u up from ur workplace get online wtf you suck hurry up i can pick you up i hate you  foxy roxy missed a call from you.	 i was still “working” at that time lol did you guys end up going to boda? i tend to silent and not use my phone as much when at work
 lol nah	 wait really?? why not the two of you
 damn u were working until 7? nah boda borg is lame with just 2 ppl	 working lol i just had to write some macros
 fun	 but turned out they were due tomorrow
 how is it going? did u talk to ur boss about doing more stuff	 yeh i’m getting code review assignments soon time to read and document code lmao i’ve just been secretly installing ros on all the computers jk i’ve only just done it on mine and the virtual boxes ubuntu 18.04 is really weird i personally don’t like it probs sticking with 16.04 in the meantime
 what are the differences	 the ui is pretty different i’m confused as to how they can update so quickly like that same thing with ros updates with each new release of ubuntu since it breaks everything lol if i learned anything from servers here don’t update all packages unless you’re just using it as a regular computer otherwise only update and manage your packages more carefully and specifically if you wanna be a pro boi you feeling alright dude?
 ya i feel like i'm getting resick	 do you need anything rn? hope you feel better soon! btw during botball do you kind if you help out the krakatoa team with path programming and stuff i’ll get you some cold ones
 nah i don't need anything thanks and ya i help when they ask. it's mainly there's a disconnect between jason and rhea bc rhea can't read jason's code and jason doesn't comment so when things go wrong sometimes i just help rhea rewrite functions jason wrote but i can be more active in helping them too	 <3
 rip that's in our mit group chat	 lmao rip business kids have you said anything yet in that chat? meet any new friends yet? also lulu got her housing results btw, so i'm assuming they sent them to you too? also: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgotriounx8
 lmaoooo ya i'm at burton connor the one with the wierd video and memes holy shit i'm a tripllee?!!!	 lol damnnnn welp, you better keep clean who's your roommies?
 burton connor does floor rush so basically it doesnt matter, i'll be rechoosing them anyways and i can switch out of the triple	 ahhh that’s good lol two roommates seem like a bit too much ya feel look what iman found
 lmaoo wait did she actually take that pic	 not sure probably?
 damn i just watched the first 3 episodes of full metal alchemist it's actually pretty good especially the backstory, quite emotionally hardhitting fuck i don't want to become a weeb	 lol dudeeee its so fucking good right it’s just like hella solid writing are you watching the 2003 original or brotherhood?
 brotherhood cuz i heard the 2003 original is not as complete or true to the full manga	 niceeee brotherhood is usually the better one
 shit dude this this is not i'm slipping down a slippery slope	 yeh the 2003 one spins off since the manga wasn’t finished at the time but it was thumbed up by the og manga artist lol yeh u r wut u think so far
 i think it's pretty good i hope they explain the magic system more	 oh no worries dude alchemy is gud shiz though they treat it more as the biggest science in the show aight i think i’m taking off soon
 okee	 sitting next to two girls, now i got ptsd from the gcer flight when i fell alsleep on the girl next to me
 have fun in oregon lmaoo ooh i completely forgot about that story i could totally make this a dress story	 lol tru that’s one story that’s exclusive to us lol oh shiz you got meh
 make sure to bring us some wheed	 lmao you got it 🐱
 also lmk what hurst is like cuz i'm curious now after a year of hyp i remember you mentioned you wanted to k more about block chain and cryptocurrencies https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbc-nxj3ng4 this is a really great video for explaining it. 3blue1brown is one of my favorite math related youtube channels	 idk what he’s like honestly lol joyce from massrobotics says he’s nice and stuff and he seemed chill in his irl and recorded talks yooo you watch 3blue1brown too?? ye i need to watch that video get those good definitions of buzzwords so i can properly throw it around investors
 🐱 yo when do u get back from oregon again?	 probs saturday tbh corvallis as a town kinda sucks so far expected something akin to state college got something less than that met the grad students at the lab though they were impressed with me enough to say i’m above the other undergrads in terms of knowledge and content, and told other grads that they’ll probably see me a lot in the lab in the future i think that’s a good thing? idk how i feel about them thinking i know more than all the other undergrads though wouldn’t that imply that the regular curriculum is meh if me as an incoming freshman knows more than a good amount of the undergrads who’ve been here for more than a year now
 its probably just got to do with how focused u are maybe i doubt freshman courses will be teaching inverse kinematics and stuff also what time on saturday? we're tryna plan a botball meeting to determine next years officers	 ahh tru tru, idk jack shit about chemistry anymore maybe i'm _too_ focused feel like i've had this realization before
 ya we've also talked abotu this i don't think theres anything wrong with it as long as you recognize it and keep yourself open to other possibilities should they arise	 oh shit is it weird to send a message and then in like 5 min to send an add on small one but then it looks like there was a clear gap since joe messenger looks/works
 lol i don't think thats that wierd unless its to certain ppl who would actually notice and care why?	 oh it was just to someone i met here and idk how they would take it so i’m assuming that they have a normie mentality in terms of texting but idk what constitutes normie 🐱
 lol	 shits hard man just hoping she doesn’t find it weird
 oooh so is a girl you fox	 why does that help explain stuff and no i ain’t no fox she’s the one who talked to me first i was planning on just reading papers quietly by myself the whole day and skipping the tours
 no it wasn't an "oooooooh *realization*" it was an "ooooooooooooooh *amazement*"	 after saying my og plan outloud i really do have a focus problem lol thanks man 🐱
 lol well is she hannah 2.0 or is she a normal human	 idk she has purple hair she’s also an artist but going into engineering and she’s from las vegas
 oh shit	 and likes doctor who
 roy be careful	 she seems like one of the alt kinda ppl
 oh damn u gettin adventurous i c branching out	 ya know wut i mean
 foxy jk i'm tired	 like the kind of person to be in a different friend group than us in highschool probs and no i ain’t adventuring anywhere
 ya i get what u mean so like hmmm lik edgy linnea?	 she just happened to talk to me and then we stuck together through the rest of orientation lol idk she seemed more outgoing and bubblier and quirky than linnea i was honestly being kinda colder than usual idk why i wasn’t very sure what kind of stuff we had in common until we played cards against humanity time to bust out my southern racist jokes jk jk she also got rejected from cmu had i sensed that she was more like you or sam in terms of humor early on i would’ve made some joke based on that but i refrained since i didn’t know how she was going to take it maybe i should let some of my sense of humor out more
 ya i mean its orientation so like it doesn't hurt	 fuck honkies amirite
 theres only a small chance you will keep in contact and still be friends with her once u actually get to campus	 wait can’t make that joke i think she’s at least half white
 so might as well offend some liberals i mean	 lmao
 show them your true self	 tru thanks for the advice man
 ya np	 we happen to live near each other in the same honors dorm though don’t wanna be known as unironically alex zhang too early on
 oh lol	 aight imma catch some z’s gnight!
 gnight! have fun at orientation tomorrow and don't get too high	 thanks dude, have fun treehousing i suppose lol and taking daddy arthur’s $$$$$$$
 lol	 these are the worst designed urinals i have ever seen
 lmao wut that's like a toilet/urinal hybrid that's such an awkward urinal too cuz theres like 0 privacy is that what all the urinals look like at osu	 nah this set only existed in the engineering building which is even funnier
 maybe the engineering kids are just true bros gotta have room to reach over in case your bro needs help	 tru bros that are loners for life
 🐱 🐱	 🐱 holy shit i just bumped into hurst he was really nice
 oh nice like in the hallway or in his lav	 in the hallway lmao
 lol did u like stop him	 i like turned around quickly once i realized who that was asked him if he was dr. hurst and then we just talked and walked into his lab and talked a little bit more in his lab
 lol dang nice did he remember u from the emails	 yeh seemed like it when i said roy he said ooh idk if she liked my joke fuck dude mayday
 roy u fox jk is that the angsty linnea	 what kind of a response is o o f to an attempted joke? :’( wut does that mean pls don’t call her that lol alex is fairly bubbly
 lol i think she just didn't k how to respond	 yeh tru i’m just overthinking this shit i’m so much more at ease when talking about nerd shit
 ye don't worry about it too much	 dude your vlog was amazing that was hilarious
 lol thanks man i was lonely and bored at 2 am	  you missed a call from foxy roxy.  foxy roxy called you.
  foxy roxy missed a call from you.	 i need to turn this thing on sound and not vibrate
  you called foxy roxy. this botguy that i have is urs right	 did you take two? lol
 ya i thought it was david's	 ah ic ic yeh no worries, i'll be seeing you anyway
 okee did u k actually i'll put this in treehouse	 lol aight btw, how do you console a friend who has financial troubles?
 oh wut is this alex	 yeh i'm really hot headed rn i think i need to go out for a night ride to cool off fuck money man lol, sounding like a hippe already
 oh shit well i know someone who is in a similarly financially unstable situation (well i know him through another person, call them person x) person x gave him $200 i don't think that's necessarily the solution lol but it is a solution	 she needs 10k i can only offer 1k rn lol, if i use the money from work i can probably get up to 6k, but that's before taxes
 wait why? what's wrong with her finances	 apparently she needs 10-15k left that's still not covered she could take out more loans but she's scared of student debt and at the same time she'll need to have a job and all that jazz during school idk man, shits hard
 holy fuck fma is so goo i just finished the episode where lust dies ok i finished ep.20 . i'm just gonna put some predictions in here:
1. it seems pretty obvious that hohenheim is the one behind the homunculus, especially when he warns that something bad is about to happen in the country
2. the whole xing alchemy subplot is eventually gonna lead al to his body, or they even create a new homunculus body for al
3. hohenheim took the pic of their family, which seems uncharacteristically sentimental. so i think he's gonna create a new homunculus that looks like the mom? or even the whole family. maybe to replace lust who just died?	 yeh roy was a badass when he took down lust, holy shit oh hohohohoho you’re gonna have fun with this series i forget when you see pride, did they reveal that yet?
 no but i googled homunculus when it was first mentioned in the seri3s and the images gave it away it's the little kid right? or he was standing among the other homunculi and pride is the only one unaccounted for so	 hehehe you'll see it's different for 2003 fma and brotherhood also did you know that val and sam have become linux users? it's spreading
 wut i knew val but why do they need it lol	 cuz they wanna have nicer environments to program in and also i'm spreading anti-windows propaganda across down stapling fliers to trees 🐱
 lol dude i got wasted last night apparently it was fucking hilarious but i also threw up yoo found an elo concert	 lmao you threw up from it?? bruhhh are you feeling okay? drink lots of water or eat a raw egg, idk that's what reddit said and damn, i didn't know elo was still active tbh lol, that's pretty dope doe
 it's probably bigger in europe	 yeh tru those weirdo europeans don't understand real music like soja boi
 oh i meant cuz elo is british isn't it?	 what it is? you can tell how much i look into music history now
 ya lol it's all good also the audio clips from when i was drunk are super funny	 were you like sarah loopy?
 lol kinda tho i ranted about star wars and marvel a lot	 wow nerd af even when drunk well at least you aren't one of those sad depressing af drunks
 ya i also vomited a bunch of times	 i think i'm feeling guilty for not messaging hannah back for weeks now not sure why sudo autoremove isn't working
 lol i mean do u like her?	 no i just feel guilty you don't have to like someone to feel guilty lol i think
 well but if u don't like her and she's a random stranger you've never met, there's no reason to be guilty if the thing thats bothering u is that ur being rude, u could also just text her saying ur taking a break from messenger and won't be responding anytime soon and that's a nonrude way to end convo	 but i hypothesize the guilt is coming from the fact that we have talked and she didn't really do anything wrong and i all of a sudden ghost her, rude af oh tru tru, i could say i'm becoming a monk and will only use social media to promote robo kind
 🐱	 🐱 dude, i was installing some web-dev tools (shudder)
 why?	 and fucking emojis showed up in the installation notes and printouts internet farted for a bit, now i'm back and for work
 lol wut i'm confused	 same but emojis can now show up on the terminal and i’m shook i’m going to write so many shitposts readouts for programs now “segmentation fault 👌😂👉🏾👌🤷🏿‍♀️🤷🏿‍♂️🍌🍌🍆🍆”
 wait what what kind of terminal are u using	 the standard linux one man
 ... can display emojis?	 ubuntu terminal now supports fucking emojis
 lmao why the fuck is there like a standard for emoji text how do u even output emojis from a file	 in 18.04, which is what my vm rn is it’s a thing now
 oh so are they all part of a package	 not sure haven’t read too much into it i’m afraid of what i’ll become if i do like when my program is running i’ll have outputs like:

“establishing connection to the ☁️☁️☁️☁️☁️☁️ for 🤖🤖🤖🤖🤖🤖🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓😂😂😂😂✋🏿✋🏿✋🏿✋🏿”
 oh god	 i couldn't find more offensive emojis emojis aren't good enough for memes just more cringe
 emojis can be pretty memey look what i just discovered 👈(*_*👈)	 lol dude, you genius put that at the end of a memory leak error message "hey bby, check out this leak"
 lolol	 here are some of the more black hat incidents from def con that you should get a chuckle from i didn’t think sarah would appreciate us tech barfing in the treehouse too much so here ya go in here lol
 lmaoo the mbta shutting shit down i guess defcon can't really control that there's always gonna be some black hackers who use defcon to do random shit	 apparently there was a reporter who tried to catch black hatters admitting to their crimes at def con but she was found out and like mobbed out of the conference by the attendees lol it’s like the black hat character from xkcd but real
 lnao i haven't read enough xkcd to know	 here’s some of black hats best antics in my opinion lol do you think you’ll try some shady stuff at ccc? also i should probably actually sleep now good day to you man!
 lnaoo good night damn the first one is really sad	 yeh... black hat is psychotic "how did 'the quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog' become the typical sentence that contains all letters of the alphabet and not 'sphinx of black quartz, judge my vow' which is objectively a million times cooler"
-from reddit i gotta admit, that is way cooler
 lmaoo damn that's really cool	 also being attracted to people who wear glasses is the one fetish for physically impared that's socially acceptable
 uh what was this part of a big debate or smthn lmao	 no lol, it was just two completely separate threads some thought provoking stuff though huh?
 i mean i don't think any fetish for disabled ppl needs to be socially unacceptable as long as they abide by the conventional rules of consent and what not that apply to any fetish	 yeh, but like if you go out and mention you like girls in wheelchairs ppl gonna give you dat stinkeye 🐱 also you would really appreciate this https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/9768xa/clip_from_yesterdays_tesla_presentation/ 5871 points and 159 comments so far on reddit you need to see it there’s been a lot of good shit on reddit lately did you see the elon musk meme?
 nah it didn't load lol but that comic is quite depressing	 bruhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, you have to see that elon musk gif somehow it's handsdown the best gif i have ever seen yeh the comic is pretty funny
 lol	 i'll be sure to let you see that gif when you come back then cuz it's literally a must see
 lol ok i'm tryna load it now how has work been?	 meh, nothing too interesting i've just been installing different linux distros and messing around with some computer vision stuff not company related just cuz i don't have much to do
 oh really wait what are the company related things that ur doing?	 sloc analysis and stuff like that lol
 what's sloc	 source lines of code
 ah	 it's used for like estimating maintenance time and stuff like that for the code on the bright side, there's a nice healthy restaurant nearby that actually tastes good af
 lol nice which one?	 idk what it's called tbh i just walk in and walk out with food never bothered to check the name and stuff
 i found an overrated piece of shit	 lmao she got a big potatoe forehead and no eyebrows did you manage to get a faceswap? if i remember correctly she's usually surrounded by glass and a shit ton of people lmao dude i think your head is in the beginning of this vid https://youtu.be/masuimqn8kq
 of course i got a faceswap the only reason i went to the louvre	 lol niceee i didn't even know you could use your front facing camera for that what's it feel like to be back in the land of the freely armed?
 sick	 sick of all the gun rights?!
 well the police here don't have machine guns so that's not as cool	 see i’ve been practicing democratic humor
 lmaooo	 do you have to pack for tomorrow or?
 ya well i'll pack tomorriw	 lol bruh wait how come lulu is already there, but you’re going tomorrow? is it cuz of different pre-orientation stuff? maybe i shouldn’t have opted for a free book
 ya she starts one day before me	 apparently agility was at a mars conference i had no idea
 why is there a giant plastic bottle is that suppose to be a spaceship model	 lmao so many burns today
 lol it's past 11 in europe	 you recovered from the jet lag yet?
 ya i think so i'm starting to pack now it doesn't really feel like i'm about to be moving out of my house i guess it's cuz i'm only 20 min away lol	 yeh lol, but you’ll rarely come back to winchester now
 nah i'll be back every week or so well i guess i'll speak after i figure out my schedule in college	 no way what are you going to be doing back here yeh lol
 but i think i should be able make time	 also this guy already does the whole generative ai for designs like what you mentioned, using ai to farm knowledge
 also my mom works there so she can literally pick me up after work, and then drop me off the next morning when she goes to work	 though it is really primitive, but it’s going on you don’t wanna live 24/7 on campus? https://youtu.be/ar5n2jl8k14
 ooh wait i think i've seen that ted talk a while ago	 just had to come up in my recommended, thought that sounded strangely familiar you should sue him 🐱 so are you still packing rn? any twilight thoughts before you step onto campus, actually starting your journey? probably won’t see a lot of people from here for a long time
 lol i mean i kinda sat on a ledge and listend to arctic monkeys in paris and when i woke up today i was just reminiscing about high school and stuff i'm probably not gonna sleep tonight and go out and sit on ledges around mit its a lot less of a clean start on a journye for me cuz i'm always so close to home and plus ive spent a lot of time in cambridge previously anyways for you its like a new beginning what are your thoughts on moving all the way across the country?	 i don't have any lmao i mean #1. is that i'm going to miss my friends here, that's going to be a constant #2. a little concerned about turning into a labrat otherwise i'm not all too concerned, i mean i've done this before lol, only difference is that i'm missing my friends way harder now honestly though, if i didn't have this goal of "robotics" though i'm sure i would be having a much more different time rn it's partly because of that motivation that i'm not wallowing in reminiscence, because i'm pretty excited to jump in and create bigger things aw man though, you're already in mit for the rest of the time? no way to hang out?? the missing friends stuff is weighing heavy on me though gotta admit i'm a wimp normally i would be fine being isolated in an office for 10 hours a day, but just knowing my friends are going and i won't be able to see them easily when i come back now is distressful i think i'm always fine with isolation as long as i always knew there would be friends when i stepped back out the door
 wait brb i'm moving into my room rn but i'll read/respond soon	 lmao have fun dude! https://c1.staticflickr.com/3/2787/4455705355_1da382373d_b.jpg  there's fuking zip ties going up the telescopic legs y u h h h h h h h h h h
 sick lol that's the engineering process at work	 1986-87 and yet to this day nothing has changed 🐱 925 points and 55 comments so far on reddit you can patent stuff like this? lol kinda looks like memes are leaking into more official things
 lmaoo probably patented by a gtech student	 apparently it was fucking ibm 🐱 http://libgen.io/ here ya go, forget if i posted here already or not
 what ur coming? lol	 yuh. dude was going to be a surprise lol fuk oops
 oh rip lulu was next to me when u guys told her lol come check out my dorm!	 🐱 when you done with that orientation part today?
 just finished are u guys still here?	 eating dinner rn i’ll still be around jenn needs to get back home by 9 and wong drove here
 eating dinner where? don't buy food! there's soo much free food everywhere i can take u guys	 we already ordered bruh 🐱 what kind of free food?
 there's so many different events	 i just don’t wanna go to work tomorrow
 ah lol wait so where are u guys eating	 area 4 pizza
 that place is super expensive isn't it there's a party tonight at east campus, where they built giant trebuchets and other structures in their yard and they're showing it off all built in like 3 days it's crazy	 lol i wonder if they follow the subreddit for trebuchets yeh it is... mah savings you planning on going to the party?
 i'm there now lol it hasn't quite started yet tho	  you missed a call from foxy roxy.  you missed a call from foxy roxy. bruhhh i’m at ec rn
 oh fuck hold on  you called foxy roxy.	 where you at
 i can't hear u	 i’m at the back
 where are u i'll meet u up	 the gyroscopic light thing
 uh which side are u calling the back share ur location	 how you do that still partying?
 i'm chilling with ppl at my dorm rn	 i’m at sarah’s rn you think you can come over rn? i need to talk to you about something
 rn? wait come over to harvard?	 yeh
 uhh idk if i can tonight is it something i can talk to u about over call	 nah, perhaps some other time soon
 do u wanna come over after ur done visiting sarah?	 it’s 11 pm lol
 aight i have 2 tests tomorrow i have to prep for :/ otherwise i could probably come over	 okay i’m very skeptical about these results but i am surprised and impressed unemployment is actually second
 damn i thought gtech had the fastest	 66.31 was buzz’s wonder what happened
 yoo are u free tomorrow? that's my rush events schedule	 haha yeah sure when's a good time for me to head into the city?
 i've been out of the city all day lol here go to rush.mit.edu check out the schedule for mit rush 2016 is there any event ur interested in	 lol jeezus that's a lot of stuff
 ya i've spent every hour at events and i've only been able to go to less than 5% of events	 you show up on the side of the "recently active attendees"
 lmao	 nah i think i'm alright though, feels weird if i jump into your school's stuff like that lol we can chill later though if you want i still need to give you back your yoda shirt lmao
 oh right and u wanted to talk about smthn right? does it have to do with sarah or u?	 nah it's nothing like serious
 ok 🐱	 🐱
 wait so do u actually wanna come to a party? apparently most frats start deciding who to bid for starting tomorrow and most of the events after tuesday are invite only so i have to go to events nonstop	 lol shit i mean i can come to a party if ya want to hang out the real questiono is if you wanna hang out otherwise it'll just be me crashing a party that you told me about lmao actually there was one thing i wanted to do again well technically two 1. skate along the river again at night 2. take raibert's bots *pictures of 3. i still need to get that yoda shirt back to ya
 lol nicee u move in on the 15th right	 yeh flying out by then otherwise i'm planning on spending my last two weeks around the city also: https://spectrum.ieee.org/view-from-the-valley/at-work/start-ups/nvidia-cofounders-remember-their-startup-roller-coaster-ride jensen huang and chris malachowsky dive down memory lane, to the glory—the tragedy—the glory—the tragedy—the…. it's a short read
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zffwv0enhqw 

interesting video also that was an interesting article	 conservatives aren't close-minded get dat shit outta here 🐱 what'chu up to tomorrow? i'll be in the city idk where to crash exactly, so most likely i'll be at sloan
 what what r u doing in the city? classes start tomorrow	 lmao, fuk
 u can crash in my room if u want	 idk, probs brushing up on ros reading some papers i've been eyeing skating around when it gets dark don't you have roommates though? lol
 ya oh there's an airconditioned lounge with couches in my dorm u can sleep there	 lol yeah perhaps i will then just lurk around colleges
 lmao oh we can go hacking if ur down	 i'm already sore from trying to learn longboard sliding lol, i can try but idk if i can survive some of the harder climbs what is up with your fascination of high ledges?
 it's my go to when i'm stressed it's an easy end to everything 🐱 all the stress that is	 you're going to be on a list bruh lol you're feeling stressed already? classes haven't even started yet!
 lol nah i'm not stressed but climbing is still fun	 how dangerous do you think it might be to do some longboard slide practice at night?
 uh very in the city do it in winchester	 what about the bike paths in the city
 hmm i guess that would work	 what are you up to rn? rare to see you being able to chat so much esp since school started and all that even sarah's been having wine nights and shiz lol
 lmaoo i'm hanging with a frat and doing karaoke	 have you joined joined a frat yet? or have any in particular you're eyeing? i'm impressed with how social you've become
 🐱	 nah man, i'm genuinely intrigued do you not feel any anxiety with so many new ppl now?
 yes but it's kinda constant anxiety so it's like chill lol your kinda forced to socialize so now i think in getting pretty good and once u find some ppl u like in a frat it's easy to enter frat bro mode	 fuk i woke up kinda late lol i’m back at harvard now
 oh nice r u just skating around or hanging out with sarah?	 sarah’s singing now so i’m kinda just solicitations rn
 ooh nice	 u free? before this i checked out the mit museum with lulu already unfortunately the raibert part was under renovation
 ah rip i'm about to go to dinner with a frat rush is ending soon tho i'll def have more time then	 so probs no meet up today then?
 well ... i'm going to dinner at 5:15 im free rn but it's probably not worth your time to come over	 if i grab onto the bumpers of cars i could maybe be there by 10 min lol otherwise idk
 lol what other days are you coming into cambridge? i wanna show you my dorm and tell u about college and just hang out, its just so hard finding time cuz mit crams so much shit up your ass in the first few weeks	 lulu proposed an idea of sleeping over but i ain’t got no extra clothes except ur yoda shirt lol
 lmao wait u mean tonight lmao	 otherwise i’ll probs be around randomly during the next two weeks yeh but idk if that would be a good idea
 well u don't need extra clothes if its just one night	 lol bruh
 i mean u don't just shower tomorrow when u get home	 i’m gonna be nasty on the t lol oh my the singing is so loud, it’s impressive
 nah trust me my room's nastier	 lulu said her dorm has lots of extra couches and stuff if i ever wanted to crash
 oh dang what i haven't seen her dorm but i didn't think it would be that big next house is probably nicer than bc bc is kinda old and decrepit	 it’s got a fair amount of common rooms scattered about
 oh then ya i also have a common room in my floor theres a lowkey airconditioned room on the first floor u can sleep in but im not sure if other mit students are already sleeping there lol. i found some guy in there around 8 am	 lmaoo sounds like that guy knew what was up this is kinda nice though tbh being able to listen to some music cold big room catching up on some papers
 is it a concert or a rehearsal?	 idk looks like a rehearsal practice thingy
 nice i've been kinda off messenger cuz rush is so socially exhausting	 yeh i'd imagine so lol oh yeh https://www.therobotreport.com/seismic-powered-clothing/ clothes that essentially act as an "exo skeleton" but the creators don't want the stigma of that term to go with it, so they call it powered clothing?
 damn what how does that work	 tiny motors providing ~30 watts of power the suit weighs ~5.5 lbs their main goal rn is to continue shrinking and making sure it doesn't feel like a medical device
 damn that's pretty crazy	 yeh right lol they're on the west coast looks like smart clothes are starting to get more devs on more subfields on it
 but how much range of motion can that provide?	 "there are three muscle patches (left, right and lower back) that each have an integrated force sensor and a lithium-ion battery that lasts about eight hours. the batteries can be removed for changing or charging. the lower back patch also has a processor to control the entire suit and process the real-time data and activity tracking (more on that in a moment). seismic powered clothing also has three imus, temperature sensors, and bluetooth, lte, and wifi connectivity." doesn't really seem to specify, but it looks like it's not meant to restrict anything, just giving you extra strength "seismic’s initial value proposition is strength and movement assistance, for everyday activities, but the team is thinking about how the data it collects can open up new markets in the future.

“we’re looking at anyone who can get value from this,” mahoney admits. “we do have some early work looking at applications for muscular dystrophy, which will be the first medical area for kids’ day-to-day life that we look at.”

seismic power clothing currently is designed for adults, but mahoney said that will change, too. he also talks about extending the powered clothing down to the knees and ankles and up to the shoulders and arms. professional sports was another market briefly discussed as athletes could potentially benefit from some of the activity data the suit tracks.

“our customers are people with a body who wear clothes,” mahoney quips." the last section sums it up rather well so what do ya think? up to anything rn?  foxy roxy called you. i’m in the city, ya down to hang tonight? lol i think my wifi is kinda shiz rn
 ya i'm getting more dinner with frats lol	 lol
 we're at boston beer works rn	 wait so is that a no you can’t hang cuz you’re with frats or yes you can hang, but you’re with frats rn
 uh i don't think i can hang rn i'm gonna be just chillin in a frat layer tonight	 ahh ic ic
 if u wanna come, everyone's really chill	 how late is later tonight? i’m just on the t rn
 i'm sleeping over at a frat and then we're driving down to the beach around 4 am to see the sunrise	 lol
 some good ol' wholesome fun	 are you close with the ppl in the frat?
 later as in like maybe 10:30 or smthb ya were decently close, i've only known them for less than a week frat bids just came out today	 hmmm aight i’ll have to see where i’ll be then
 i got bids from the 2 frats i liked so now i have to choose	 don’t choose the wrong one or else you’ll regret it for life 🐱 jk jk
 ya i'll be like across the river from mit like on the other bank of the charles basically	 btw did you know that jeff bezos kid is in your class?
 if u wanna come to the frat there's been a lot of rumors	 lol i’ll need an address bruh yeh lulu knows him
 were waiting for the class catalog to be oublished oh seriously	 i saw him when i visited lulu the second time
 oh damn	 fairly tall dude, curly hair chill hmmm can’t really find a place like you described at 10:30 my legs are low key dying though lol, think i’m going to turn in
 ok wait are u just skating around?	 my sister wants to watch a movie so i think i might turn in for the night what do you think i do around the city lol busses are fucking scary to be next to btw
 lol i can imagine my primary for theta xi uses an electric skateboard to get around campus it's only like $500 and apparently pretty good	 that sounds like a good find on his part what’s a primary lol
 oh like basically my primary contact in that frat	 gotta say though my legs are feeling better after so much skating
 basically during rush each frat internally has each frat guy personally handle communications with a bunch of potential recruits	 but my hips creak now
 nice nice	 ohh ic ic
 hey sorry i don't have too much free time to hang out these past days, rush is ending soon tho	 lol it’s no prob man, no prob at all i’m still around for a bit
 rip dude frat life is dangerous	 aw shit dude what happened?? are you feeling better now at least?
 lol my toenail got lifted i don't have a big toenail anymore	 holy shit what
 ya	 what the hell were you doing??
 well i do its just dangling off	 please tell me that you went to see a doc at least
 but the skin under my toenail is super sensitive so i can't relaly walk smoothly until that hardens well i just went to mit medical they cleaned it out and bandaged it	 so you’ve just don’t have a toenail forever now? what caused this?
 lol no they grow back	 well maybe you can make a fake one that has usb connectivity abilities fuk
 i was playing sand wrestling	 you could’ve been bionic
 with a frat	 you guys said no homo first though right 🐱
 and idk what happened but when i stood up i looked down and my toe was bloody and the toenail was lifted 90 degrees	 geezus christ that’s a lot
 lol	 guessing this was during the early beach trip thing?
 yup its kinda bad but i should be fine also do u wanna come to wet wednesday	 that’s a terrible name what is it?
 basically mit has an enforced alcohol ban during orientation and rush it gets lifted next wednseday thus there's a lot of parties going on then	 ohh i remember lulu and kiera mentioning that
 whos kiera	 hmmm i’ll probably be in the city at that time she’s a girl i met on campus
 dafuq	 she’s pretty chill
 u stealing mit girls now	 lol what is that supposed to mean
 what number is she after alex jk	 🐱
 wait how much have u been on mit campus? i thought it was just that one day at the east campus thing and one day with lulu	 well neu, bu both are kinda harsh on non students bumming around and i don’t like harvard’s campus that much tbh dude i’m always around the city lol i ain’t joking bout dat
 are u literally just skating?	 just yesterday when i was visiting massrobotics i had a couple hours to kill so i just found a bench outside of baker house and finished some new papers yeh, but my hips were creaking so i didn’t skate yesterday lol i also found this at sloan yesterday around 11
 lmao wait ur not on campus rn r u?	 i’m on next houses roof rn
 dafuq got that nice parking lot view	 nah i’m just fuking with ya 🐱
 oh 🐱	 kiera and lulu say that next and mccormick has the best food though i’ve yet to try mccormick though, only had next
 ya well nah i think simmons and next have the best food that's the general consensus ive heard	 so don’t visit mccormick?
 u should go into simmons its a crazy cool building	 rip kiera the sponge thing?
 yup	 my goal is try to make a new friend on each campus the last one left is neu
 aw thats so wholesome	 it’s a lot easier when you already have a friend on campus lol
 true did u hit up any parties yet?	 nope lol there were some plans but never came to fruition only seemed like you and sarah were rather keen on that prospect lol
 lol ya man theres gonna potentially be a party at the frat i'm rushing	 isn’t that like everyday lol
 lol nah the frat i'm rushing is not one of those they throw a party twice a semester and every friday there are "coffee breaks" which are more chill kickbacks	 oh that’s a lot nicer than what some other ppl described
 lmao who's some ppl	 kiera mentioned some story about the typical frat guy tries to take girl upstairs also i can’t believe you also watch overly sarcastic
 ya dude its so good	 reds literature ones are gold art is good 4 u except modernism and post modernism
 ew i don't like literature i've been watching them since february actually but i really started picking it up and watching everything in june	 whoa this is getting uncanny i also saw some of their vids early this year but didn’t start consuming it all until recently
 alright copier	 oh yeh btw i won’t be in the city on monday since i’m getting my braces removed otherwise just let me know when you’re free and i can probs hop on by
 ok ya sure actually it would be better if u tell me when ur in the city	 at least that’s what i’ve been doing lol, ppl just tell me they’re free after blank and i either start skating or skate to the nearest t ok i’m in the city from 8- whenever late at night (latest was 3 am) lol
 my schedule is too hectic rn so i don't k when i'll be free ok lmai 8 am? or pm	 yeh i catch a ride with my folks am
 damnn ok lol same for tomorrow or only on weekdays	 i was thinking of maybe seeing if i could get some last peaks on some labs oh i was planning on using tomorrow to pack and shit but if you wanna hang i’ll be down the only prob is that given the time rn and my sleeping abilities i’ll probs wake back up at like 6-7pm also this is the best restaurant ever and i must visit again before i live in the forrest
 lmao ok well lmk when u wake up, i'm pretty free tomorrow. my plan is mainly to just pset and chill so we can hang out and maybe grab dinner if ur awake yo are u in cambrodge?	 nah unfortunately it's a bit late :( need to pack today since i wanna spend the rest of my time hangin'
 okee	 feel like it might be a bummer if i spend the last of my time packing furiously lol
 ya tru next tues and friday night's i'm pretty free	 my biggest concern rn is how to get raw lipo batteries through tsa since i don't get a free checked in bag
 lol i mean i can ship it	 but that'll take a little whileeee maybe i put a "not a bomb" sticker on it i can get through security
 🐱	 wait a sec you joined theta xi?
 yupyup	 fuk lol
 lol wtf	 it’s good shit dude
 yo u wanna come to wet wednesday?	 yeh sure lol when/where
 wednesday 9 i''ll sned u the address of the frat	 oh btw i'll be in the city tomorrow from 7am - whenever
 oh awesome	 not sure exactly i'll be doing or where
 my classes end at 3 and i have some time between that and club meetings at night	 oh you've already joined some clubs? i’m heading to mit soon where should i head to?
 i can't meet you up just yet, i have to finish a pset due tonight and then i have my last class ending at 6 after that tho we can chill	 lol bruh wut i thought you said 3 🐱
 ya i forgot pe classes start this week so i have my pe class 5:6 i should be done with my pset soon tho chris and lulu are at next house u could chill there	 chris yang is here??
 i'll come over in maybe an hr depending on how much work i can get done yaya he's visiting or u can come to the library with me	 i’ll need an address then do you know if they check id though?
 address to library or next	 lib lol i don’t wanna suddenly crash chris visit
 it's barker library do u know where the big dome is 222 memorial yeet if u go into the building right under the dome (lobby 10) the library is on the 5th floor, i can come down to meet u	 kkkkk btw what’s ur number?
 6179570655	 i just realized i don’t have anyone’s number on this phone
 lmao	 i’ll text and or call when i’m there
 wait u got a new phone?	 nah it’s the same one i just don’t really call on it here
 ok one sec	 it’s so stuffy outside mistakes were made
 where u guys now?	 we’re bumming outside of baker
 64 bay state rd, boston, ma 02215 fuck i just realized i have a mandatory adt meeting from 10 - 11 tomorrow i might not be able to go until 11	 lol what’s adt? and nah don’t worry about it man
 asian dance groupe *troupe lol	 holy what
 ya i'm joining to try it out	 why is everyone becoming a kpop star
 unfortunately it's all kpop 🐱	 🐱 wait i thought auditions already happened like lulu already tried out and stuff
 ya it's the first meeting.	 yo i just realized something that whole there's a better person you thing happened to me already so hard i don't know why i didn't see it when we were talking last night i got rejected by literally all my schools except one shitty one in a forest 🐱
 🐱 a forest could be perfect ground zero to implement random wandering robots so there's no one to scrap then for parts yet	 lol yeh i suppose you're right until i cannibalize my own creations like a monster oh i got through a good amount of hamilton btw
 how is it	 pretty good yeah i noticed that i don’t relate to burr that much the whole idea of waiting for your chance kinda escapes me sometimes i get more caught up in the tunes than the lyrics though lol had to relished to some
 ya thats why u listen to it many timws the first time just enjoy the tunes, the future ones u dive into the lyrics	 kinda wished burr had more personal songs it was hard to piece what he was like from some of the songs, especially since i wasn’t sure who was singing sometimes
 oh	 🐱
 the more revealing songs are:
aaron burr sir
my shot 
wait for it
nonstop
room where it happens
election 1800
obedient servant
the world was wide enough	 oh damn you got it all laid out kinda excited for your dissertation on the musical now *more excited
 lol i have to do when i have more time tho also https://youtu.be/lmmdl4vltd4 this video is so good	 lol i’ll take a look, btw do you know the name of the lib that we were at yesterday?
 barker library	 bruh you’re not going to any of the parties???
 nah dude adt wait r u going to the parties? lmao	 idk now lol
 i mean i might go to theta xi at like 11:15	 wait wut lol
 oh i didn't tell u u have adt until 11	 🐱
 nvm i did tell u my memory doesn't suck	 where you at i’m here rn
 oh r u at a party?	 i just left lol
 left mit?	 nah i left theta xi
 oooh wait u actually went? with lulu? how was it	 yee it was pretty small now i’m at pbe
 oh dang be careful lol	 i accidentally hit two shots lol shiz not much effect though
 lol how do u accidentally hit shots shots taste like shit	 turned out it was two shots of vodka yeh burned a bit i guess i have a higher tolerance than expected? at least lulu said i seemed fine
 lol again how do u accidentally down vodka lmao do u have asian flush?	 nah doesn’t look like it at least not yet the dude said it was milk and something lol i didn’t hear the second part and then i just downed the whole thing didn’t realize it was so much
 lol nice don't get too drunk man	 lol nah i have no plans on getting drunk where r u rn?
 i'm in bc finishing some psets	 🐱 nerd jk jk yeh pbe was not what i expected tbh it was like a water downed echo
 most frats are just having chill kickbacks today not sure if it was actually a rager	 pbe was so crowded lol yeh idk i think this solidified that the party life isn’t something i’m super into part way through i sat down to read
 lmaoo that's good i guess	 honestly thought i was screwed after i downed those two shots lol
 two shots shouldn't hurt tho i would start flushing a bit i think my limit is around 4.5 drinks if i hit 5 or 6 i start feeling nauseous	 kinda wish i had my board still wanted to low key find out if i can skate drunk
 bruh that's the shittiest idea ever don't skate drunk at oregon	 hey i’m trying to branch out my interests 😤😤😤 🐱 how was the dancing though
 it was really hard my toe also started bleeding during it	 esp with ur toe? holy shit
 but it was wrapped up so all good	 bruh well i hope it’s better now are you just gonna be psetting for the rest of the night? oh yeh i don’t recall if i told you but i’m leaving early saturday morn
 ya if ur still here u can come hang out if u wabt but i'm really behind so i can't browse memes this time lol	 nah it’s aight lol, already read mostly what i wanted to tonight i’m also back home already lol
 oh lol	 kinda wished i was more into the party scene now i’m actually just a nerd
 i mean theres no reason to be	 but i wanna be a kool kid
 no matter how hard u party u can't be a cool kid if u like legged robotics	 i bet dr kim used to be a rager
 ya well look what happenedd probably couldve avoided being sangbaed if he didnt party so much 🐱	 🐱 if i was a better/more interesting human being i could’ve gotten into more than one bumfuck college 🐱
 🐱 nah its only cuz the colelge app process rewards shit like french food blogs over practical skills	 techx application is dumb since they probably weigh their stupid interview more than necessary compared to their written portion where they can actually see how much work and experience ppl have ur not a burr
 meh i mean i guess judging team compatibility is a big factor and i definitely did not seem very hyped during the interview also i'm definitely more of a burr than a hamilton and i don't say that with any self-deprication	 you probably worked harder than anyone i know back in school you had a clear goal and you didn’t betray or have no solid principles like burr when push came to shove
 burr also worked really hard. i don't think that's the difference i think it's just how the two approach their life goals	 aight i need to listen fully to those songs you mentioned i clearly don’t know the dude well enough to say
 i also read up on his bio	 damn alright i know what i’m reading tonight then where did you find it?
 just wiki lol	 the ultimate bios for ppl tbh i just saw that collegehumor video you sent me lol how accurate would you say that is of college upstart startup kids
 lol not accurate i don't think	 aw man kinda wished ppl like that existed oh btw i’m back around again probs going to spend some time skating the bike trail unless someone wants to do something
 lol do u wanna watch me pitch a shitty startup idea	 ofc where should i head to i’m st north station
 building 26-100 at mit the event is from 6 - 8 called entrepelooza there's a bad idea pitch contest lmao	 lmaooo
 i'm just gonna practice my improv pitch skills lol	 yuhhhh i think i’m at that building not entirely sure though wait where are you rn?
 at pe class lmao	 should i head to the stud then?
 🐱 apparently there's a rubric i didn't see and apparently they actually judge on the viability of the business plan 🐱	 lol bruh it’s ok wing it as hard as you can i’ll head over to the stud i’m by the cars at the center rn  you missed a call from foxy roxy.
 i'm still in pe lol if u search up building 26 on the mit map you'll find it i can meet u there	 i just saw damian lol he told me i can go down infinity and take a left i’m here someone is explaining something rn doors are opening lol where u at man ppl going in
 i'm walking there rn my pe class ended at 6	 you in the infinite corridor?
 yup	 bruh lol
 where'd u guys end up going?	 ahh sorry sorry we had a previous engagement with iman and then some other peeps
 oh nice what'd u guys do?	 i got some pants since i’m running out of clothes and i haven’t even finished packing lok
 lol oh right	 yeh i was at bu now i’m heading to night skate bu was too dangerous there’s a red sox game guess it’s back to the river
 lol ok be careful	 dude im finally able to weave in between the small yellow lines
 congrats lol	 where u at rn?
 at my dorm r u still at mit?!	 i was at mccormick
 don't night skate too late man you're gonna fall asleep and die oh	 the view is freaking amazing
 with kiara? ya ikr best view on campus hands down	 yeh i was hanging with kiera the sponge can eat their heart out that was why i didn’t end up picking the treehouse call too :( shit i’ve been using emojis more and more now and yeh you’re right when i left i saw the open road in cambridge and just bolted it was amazing until i realized i was half a mile in the wrong direction
 lol wait so r u still on campus or	 nah i’m back home now last day tomorrow
 oooh idk if lulu told u, theres a bunch of parties going on like more rager type parties i'm debating whether or not to go	 rn??
 tomorrow there's one going to wellesley cuz they have a huge party there apparently #fuckbus	 fuckbus?
 ya	 uh... that's quite the loaded name in of itself lol
 theres a bus that runs consistenly b/w wellesley and mit during nighttime and its called the fuckbus bc apparently wellesley girls just take it to mit to get fucked 🐱 the term was probably coined by a frat 🐱	 jeeezus my god that's uh a lot lol
 u say thats a lot a lot	 yeh cuz it's a lot how else am i supposed to respond to the information that there's a bus just for transporting horny college girls
 spamming the cat 🐱 🐱 🐱	 yeh tru 🐱 you ever have those moments when you don't want to go to sleep? not for any super specific incoming reason in particular but more like the feeling that sleep is just eating up time and the fact that you're just unconscious
 yup like all the time thats why i usually don't 🐱	 🐱 yeh i kinda of figured haha shit i never say haha i need to stop chatting other people i'm going to go read more about burr i suppose
 whats wrong with saying haha ive been saying haha more actually	 this might sound fucking weird and dumb but i notice i tend to only use haha around girls, like girls that i don't know that well or aren't already really close friends with
 haha lol huh thats wierd maybe its cuz a lot of girls u don't k tend to use haha? cuz no one in our friend group uses haha a lot	 exactly dude it's fuking weird
 so you only encounter it with ppl u don't k and u only talk to girls apparently thus only girls u don't k use haha	 wait a sec that does not imply i only talk to girls i have holy shit i haven't made a new guy friend in so long
 🐱 dude exactly u exclusively talk and hang out with girls bulding ur harem	 fuk i'm turning into middle school you
 u can't fool me oh i didn't k u were gay	 🐱 i like girls like like
 whatever u say man i support u	 wait no i became friends with eddie not all exclusively girls
 do u talk with him tho do u hang out at his dorm do u say haha to him i don't think so	 lol the problem is that you're not wrong... i only hung out at kiera's dorm once and that was today got any times today? i have to be at the airport by 3 am
 oh shoot sorry i didn't see this uhh i don't think i;ll have a lot of time today but i wanna meet up one last time before you leave are you in cambridge rn? "the hacker: the one most likely to sit quietly through a board meeting until uttering the three sentences that answers the all important question of "how?" the new idea or initiative can be brought into reality. resembling macgyver with their ability to wield various lines of code or programing languages, you'll get dizzy trying to keep up with their keystrokes." doesn't this sound so annoyingly from a sloanie perspective "you'll get dizzy trying to keep up with their keystrokes" lol sorry i got triggered for a moment	 lol that's quite the strange description is that a real thing someone published? and i'm heading to harvard rn sarah says that you should head to harvard lol  you missed a call from foxy roxy.
 oh woops are you outside?	 almost i see your dorm here
 omw	 how was the hack?
 lol so much cheesing it's not over yet	 lol damn that’s log *long what are ya cheesin’/makin’? fuk i just spent 20 min looking at transfer info online instead of looking at my schedule here i think i’m hella insecure rn
 bruh you're gonna be fine, ur already basically in hursts lab right? where in the world would u transfer to get an opportunity like that	 i am not already in his lab lol honestly, fear of rejection from his lab is what is also kinda keeping me from emailing him back rn cuz i'm literally on my last legs hehe, these shitty jokes are keeping me alive 🐱
 lol wait you haven't emailed him back?	 yeh bruh i'm a fuking pussy rn an anxious nervous pussy 🐱 i emailed him now the wait is killing me kinda wanna email one of the grads too but i’m afraid that might be too much 🐱
 does he have a secretary?	 lol wut profs have secretaries? i just emailed a grad student i met
 oh some do grad students === secretary	 yeh tru rip grad kids yes jesse replied fuck i just don't wanna fuck this up so badly it's not only that i'm not going to miss my shot or that the possibility that i'll miss it is bothering the back of my mind but the fact that it might be my last shot is what is tearing me apart i don't wanna become an artist just yet 🐱 humor is a great coping semi-mechanism
 🐱 lol don't worry nothing u can do can really fuck it up that much what did he say?	 if i piss on the equipment that would fuck shit up 🐱 absolutely.  i will be in lab all the days this week.  other than the times below, you can swing by any time.  if i am not there, you can also talk to mike, brian, or kevin.  they are the other graduate students in the lab.  also, we have our weekly lab meeting wednesday morning at 9am.  it is on the 3rd floor of graf in the conference room farthest away from roger's hall.  there is also a weekly robotics seminar on fridays you can always drop in on.  that exposes you to robotics research at other universities.  it is every friday in rogers 226 from 10-11. home boi jesse just hooked me up with info bless mother fuking writing class gets in the way though fuck writing i'm going to change it now
 lmao	 no classes were open so i’m stuck with an art class now can’t tell if it’s an omen or not
 🐱 that's pretty funny god has a sense of humor	 it’s called art 204 and it’s on ancient art prehistoric
 wait srsly that's likr the most useless topic in the most useless subject	 🐱 hey are you trying to imply something
 🐱	 i’m afraid that i might be turning in a jerk the sophomore girl katie keeps inviting me to do things with her friends but i just wanna go to the lab asap but at the same time i don’t wanna be like a dick and dip out lowkey starting to grind on me that i’m stuck here with some of these undergrads not katie and her friends they chill but some of these engineering kids are actually idk anymore i think i’m being a jerk for thinking like this rn lol
 lol wait what what are the engineering kids like also have u made any guy friends yet 🐱 lol i might join the bitcoin club the next time we talk i'll be spewing buzzwords	 a couple reminded me of less chill cheng and uh i haven’t made any guy friends yet... lol bitcoin club bruh y doe
 lol bc i want to know how the fundamental technologies behind blockchain works and holt shit that was so interesitng there was a blockchain 101 lecture after the club meeting and oh my fuck the lecturer was so engaging and the material was so interesting i stayed for 30 min more than i intended and skipped another clubs meeting also check the treehouse chat i had a riveting encounter with richard stallman it was actually insane and it's put me in an interesting thought spiral	 ahh sorry i was out with katie and her friends they volunteer at an animal shelter please tell me you talked with him directly lol what thought spiral did it send you down? what part of blockchain was super interesting to you?
 lol idk it was just interesting how emphatically he warned against the use of this technology it was like the perfect intro to a dystopian scifi movie also this is a good song: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koohpfmbuiq it's only got 4m views and its not the type of music i usually listen to but i can't get it out of my head also those bunnies are cute wow damn you and katie are hittin it off	 interesting music, idk what genre it even is lol
 she seems like one of those really cutsie girls, just from the 3 times she talked or maybe that's jsut how she talks to animals	 idk about that lol, she's kinda like julia kim in that she's quiet, but i notice she's talking more and more now nah that's how she usually talks lol
 oh ic	 in my defense i have tried making guy friends but the one time i tried they saw their old high school friends and left and they were awkward af katie has just been inviting me to do a lot of stuff with her and her friends also windows takes up 145 gb just for systems and reserved wtf that's so dumb
 lol wut	 yeh idk why either gonna see if i can give it another 200 gb from my ubuntu side this lab is so cool
 ooooh so many legs is that agility?	 nah it’s the dynamics robotics lab i just talked to hurst for like an hour got a desk now i’m making slip models lol they also demoed cassie for me and a new phd student here
 oooh wait so ur in?	 i guess so? idk lol i’m so overwhelmed rn tbh
 overwhelmed in what way?	 i’ll explain in detail once i’m out of the lab just got out of the lab! spent a good 6-7 hours not knowing how to properly express a slip model mathematically lol, fuk i had a long talk with hurst and he gave me like a pep talk tips and tricks advise the whole shebang think i found where i’m going to spend my hours
 ooh nice see it all worked out	 nah i still need to write my thesis 🐱
 🐱 holy shit i'm feelin stressed i think i overcommitted to a lot of things	 this sounds familiar... like just last year familiar and the year before that and before that what did you commit to?
 a lot fucj ducj fuck fcuj fuck	 lol first step is to take a deep breath
 uhhh why does this always happen i overloaded my schedule and now i barely spend anytime hanging out with my floor but who has ti me to make friends	 i should disagree with you but i'm becoming a lab rat
 i'm this close to putting in scheduled hanging out with friends times in my planner 🐱 betwee 12:45 and 1 pm every other thursday	 every other thursday? lol i mean it honestly might not hurt you can take off club/organization things as you realize they're not as worth later on
 true	 you and sarah both seem to have scooped a lot on your plates fuck i just realized i was in the oop mindset for building a model i shouldve thought about it as a mathematical expression dude i’m not gonna make it fucking thinking oop in fucking matlab wasn’t even using simulink
 ? lol ew why matlab	 cuz it’s built in differential equation solvers honestly not 100% sure what i'm doing how you doing though? there’s too much math idk how to math help me
 lmao what kind of work are u doing? also remember it's completely normal to not k what ur doing there's a reason usually grad students work on these projects	 yeh that’s why i need to be better
 🐱 right but that being better process takes time i just attended info sessions for a bunch of companies i really wanna work for but am vastly underqualified for what math do u need to do?	 but i don’t have much time so i need to be here as much as i can what companies? and how are you underqualified?? i’m doing differential equations rn of a hybrid system plus it’s been two days and i still haven’t even got a proper attempt/initial model to recreate the model
 oooh idk what that means but it sounds complex lol	 same
 🐱	 what companies though?
 there were two that stuck out to me, skydio and emerald both are looking for senior -- grad level talent	 yoooo skydio???? i say they’re the coolest drone company out there
 yup ya ikrrr they spun out of nick roy's lab	 i see you’re into writing books already linguistics
 and i asked about jobs and they are only looking for juniors -- grad students but lmao not that one emeraldinno.com they're a very very recent startup they have 4 employees basically they track people's movements in a room using wifi signals the technology seems super cool	 ooohhh that’s more in line with your interests dude we’d wtf
 and they implement machine learning	 that tech is dangerous
 lol that's the one richard stallman crashed ya its pretty dangerous and can def be used for unethical purposes	 they can use that to track you watch out for big brother dick stallman told js
 rn its beinga pplied for medical industry, tracking the movents of the elderly who are under special care or patients with some kind of disability where their movement data is important i think its definitely gonna be a very impactful technology, hopefully not used unethically	 ahhh ic ic that makes more sense i still can’t get over skydios results though lol and darn i just found out i’m sharing that desk with other undergrads lol
 u should flex on them and just start reading equations to yourself "wow what a complex differential equation for hybrid systems i'm working on rn" "it must need so much machine learning and all of the blockchain"	 one senior i know literally plopped his own pc at a space and now it’s his time to buy a pc lol dude i’m not gonna flex like that lmao
 they gotta k whos boss jk also skydios has relaly cool cv and planning algorithms that's why i said im vastly underqualified lmao they did a demo, it was so cool	 i can’t even fathom how they trained it so well any other companies? or were those the only two that caught your eye
 there's a few others but ya those were the ones i really wanna do neither is freshman friendly tho there's like a list of "first year friendly" companies that freshman are recommended to stick to bc most companies don't like hiring first years so we'll see how much i can finesse	 what kind of companies are those? most startups probably only want reliable interns which usually defaults to older right?
 they're only looking for full times rn they said their ramping up manufacturing for spotmini, 100 by next march and 1000 by march 2020 they're gonna start selling the 1000 shipment, the 100 shipment will be for internal tests g	 sounds about right didn’t know about the internal part though i wonder if they have enough preorders or gauges an interest group i just attended the weekly robo seminar for the grad students i think you would like this topic it’s about one shot learning through nlp in the field of hri take a look at their videos if you can it’s pretty good results lol are we just sharing different research and business now? https://youtu.be/hj1azyntrng
 lmaoooo https://youtu.be/kdhqdwsuvvk ceramic animal made a music video :o	 holy shut it need to take a look dude i think i might have a problem i’m out in the towns fall festival but i’ve just been stressing about textbooks and getting hw doneearly i need to take a meditating shit took a shit the secret to less stress dude fell in love today actually that was a bit back but i forgot i took the video and now i just ruined the joke 🐱 did not expect that mv for ceramic animal though...
 🐱 damn r u already working on cassie?	 lmao nah man i wish i’m working on controls rn specifically the slip spring loaded inverted pendulum model rn oh yeh turned out there’s only like a couple of undergrads working on feet idk where the info about the other undergrads just get thrown on the feet job they’re super chill though and buff af something about meche students being buff it seems 🐱 and they’re all upperclassmen how have you been though??
 🐱	 have you organized yourself with the overflow of commitment?
 not really but a bit less busy now that career fair is over	 that’s good to hear
 more time for social stuff i guess	 feeling more confident now too?
 also i'm probably gonna start going to parties now	 do you actually like the party life? lol idk i personally thought it’s all a bit strange
 i have no idea lol i haven't been to a party yet but i was planning on staying away from the party life bc it's a lot of hooking up and bad decisions	 but now you want to hook up and make bad decisions? 🐱
 but since sarah's dating eddie now i guess i don't care anymore 🐱	 ahhh yeah... so she told you huh?
 it'll help me get over it i guess lol i'm a bit irked in the way i found out i don't think she was planning on telling me until idk when	 hooking up with some rando probably isn’t the best way to cope with that though
 lol ya ik i'm not actually gonna hookup	 yeah, she was distraught about how to go about it and time just happened to pass
 but i was staying away from girls before and like not going to parties kinda for that reason i guess it didn't matter to begin with	 hmmm
 ok like the thing is i'm happy for sarah and eddie seems like a cool dude and i'm glad she has a support network that's closer to her that she can rely on cuz she seemed pretty stressed the only thing i'm irked about ok basically i was talkling to sarah at 2 am and she said she was having a week of "emotional hell" cuz of harvard and being stressed about acapella and stuff	 yeh?
 and also i had not seen her that week yet and i wanted to keep the once a week thing going so i ubered over to harvard to chill with her at 2 or 3 am and we talked about stuff and it was nice, but then she said she had something important happening in her life but she wouldn't tell me what it was she said it wasn't related to me, except "indirectly kind of" and then she said i would eventually hear it through the grapevine i mean i could kind of guess what it was but like i didn't think it was correct cuz i assumed she would tell me if she was dating someone or at least she would realize its not just "indirectly" related to me lol and then she told me she started dating him 4 days after she got to harvard 4 days man i've been thinking about the time when college stops becoming chaotic and things settle down so i can finally ask sarah out ever since i got to mit this is especially ironic considering she was the one that strongly denied that she would find lots of other guys who she would like at harvard. aand she said i would be the one "on the hunt" for girls	 yeh it is rather ironic how things happened
 alright maybe i'm not over it....	 hmm yeah it would appear so good to rant though, let’s you sort through your emotions
 its just so like seriously 4 days? and like sarah can date whoever she wants and i will always support her as a friend, but i'm only irked given the previous context of our conversations and our talks about how the first month of college will be and sarah literaly did what she said she was afraid i would do i told her so many times, i ireally like you i just k that the first month of college will be busy as hell and i would be a shit boyfriend but i would never spend the first month of college trying to hunt down girls and then ask you out after the fact that's what sarah said she was afraid of like frick man uhg 🐱 fuck man i found out last tuesday and as you can see its just been boiling lol haven't been able to talk about it yet sorry for the rant	 boiling for almost a week nah dude never be sorry for a rat we homies you haven’t been able to talk to sarah about these boils? or just like haven’t been able to talk at all?
 nah i mean i've talked to sarah about other things since we just kinda didn't talk about it after i don't want to bring it up either cuz i don't want to add to her stress or make her feel guilty or whatever but like i really want to tell her how i really feel when she told me, i basically died on the inside but kept up tryna be a supportive friend on the outside	 yeh she mentioned your ears turned super red so i kinda inferred you died on the inside
 then i walked home in the rain	 holy shit did you really walk??
 it was a very suitable setting ya it was only like 30 min	 hey on the bright side that makes for a great opening to a movie
 but mainly it was pouring rain true this is my origin story 🐱	 🐱 honestly given stuff like this time will probs be the best remedy although it won’t be the best feeling you don’t wanna approach a new possibly romantic relationship given your current feelings not will approaching one help you get over it if it makes you feel better though sarah was super torn up over it and it was a big part of her stress so she wasn’t just doing it disregarding you
 ya well it only took 4 days to decide	 hot damn you on fire what do you want to do?
 wdym	 do you want to still be with sarah do you want to find someone else do you just want the feelings to pass
 nah i don't want to be with sarah and it'll be easier to get over if we just revert back to friends i def want to stay friends tho i wouldn't wanna hang out with sarah while eddies there, at least for a while but hanging out with sarah will be fine i don't think it will bring up any negative feelings	 are you sure about that? have you done it yet?
 no the last time we hung out was tuesday but im 99% sure it will be fine. i think our friendship is stronger than that unless for some reason sarah doesn't wanna be friends or thinks its awkward now haning out with me	 it’s not your friendship that i’m worried about in this case. it’s your feelings well you two definitely probably won’t be able to hack at 2 am now lol
 lol ya i mean i would def be willing to uber over to harvard as a friend if shes feelign stressed but now its just sketch if i do also the whole one week thing it probably not gonna work given the fact that i doubt she will put in that much effort to make it happen and its also kinda sketch now that she has a bf	 yeah that's true i mean it might be better with treehouse people being there or at least someone going with you like lulu but idk have you been listening to music to help ya out?
 lol tbh i haven't busted out the arctic monkeys cuz in this case its not really a feeling of loneliness its just a weird mixed feeling of irony	 sounds like heartbreak
 i guess maybe its a feeling of being cheated, not by sarah, but by the situation itself and by fate not cheated on like a situation where you thought it would go one way and it goes the complete opposite way for no good reason	 it seemed both of you guys didn't expect this result
 i mean i was afraid of this result	 you also seemed pretty irked by the whole four days thing too
 and i did tell sarha she would find so many ppl at harvard who she would like over me i only didn't expect this result bc of how firmly sarah denied that possibility and ya i'm irked by the 4 day thing just bc of how i went into mit with the concious anticipation of when i could finally ask sarah out, and with the consious thought of avoiding girls and parties so i could stay true to her, for almost 4 weeks now when in reality there was nothing to stay true to ever since day 4 its like if you've anticipated working on cassie since march. and then u get to osu and realize agility shut down in april 🐱	 i would commit suicide jk and you shouldn't either living is much harder than dying and we're not weak asses yeah it is ironic that sarah was afraid you would be after other girls and she ended up with another guy
 🐱 mad ironic its fucking hilarious 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱	 hmmm you wanna call about it? i'm also just doing busy work rn so i'm down to talk about anything lol
 nah i don't think that will really help at this pt and i'm with my frat rn. i'm just sulking in the corner and furiously typing lmao	 lol bruh you sure you want to be in that kind of environment when you've been boiling for a while?
 lol i think i'm ok now itll take some time but i think things will be ok	 alright that's good to hear feel free to rant and just talk about anything with me man here maybe this dank christian meme 
 lol	 holy shit dude i just found the guy who is literally better than me in every aspect samuel pfrommer however, he’s a cs major i need to up my game, can’t just do research and classes need to make my own shit where the fuk does he get all these resources though, i scavenged hard for mine, but he somehow got dynamixiel servos when he was in highschool that’s like hundreds each and he’s traveled everywhere oh wait i think he might be rich... goddamnit he’s one year or so older and yet he’s done so much more dude i finally got some results lol i’m like not even halfway done i think
 nice! wait so i'm still confused as to what work ur doing	 i’ve never been so happy to see a graph before
 what about the slip model are u working on	 i’m creating it i’m modeling the whole slip model the grad students wanted me to be familiar with this stuff since i leaned more to the eecs than pure mechanical like what the feet design would entail er rather they suggested it i’m planning on using the robotics club’s personal robotics fund thing to later create my own 3d hopper like what raibert did in the 80s but i plan to actuate it with electromagnetic actuators and make it completely it’s own separate unit. disney research hub/lab made something similar a couple years ago but it had a limited amounts of hops before giving out and since i’m working on control/modeling of a slip model rn both projects should lead into each other nicely hey justin how you doin’?
 nice thats a good plan i'm currently studying for midterms lol	 shit wut lol midterms already??
 yup well there are like 4 midterms per semester	 lol wut doesn’t that go against the definition of a midterm
 mid is an estimate lol well nah cuz mit also divides semesters into half-semesters so some classes are only half-semesters well actually we only have 3 midterms, and then a final at the end idk why this is for physics. other classes do it differently but all classes tend to have tests this week or next week	 that’s kinda gross lol geezus turned out my graph was like all wrong lol
 wiat how many tests do u guys have?	 fuk
 oh rip	 just a regular old midterm and final no big worries though, it got fixed so have you just been on a big study grind rn?
 yup	 you’ve been feeling alright though right? i’ve been learning about mental wellness and how wellness and health are different things i think they’re subconsciously conditioning me to be a hippy here
 lol wdym you've been learning about wellness?	 it’s part of my required kickboxing/health class
 oh lmao i've actually been eating pretty healthy	 really??? what happened to that free food plan or has all the recent food been free since no one wants to eat it thus it’s free
 nah i've been spending money which feels wierd	 that’s one step closer to being poor
 but i've been tryna hit 2 fruits a day and half veggies for dinner	 the poor lonely starving grad student
 the high school gym class is working	 why you hitting two gays and half of a comatose person woman * man
 lmao wut	 fruits and veggies bad joke?
 r gay ppl fruits	 lmao i wish high school gym class worked earlier it’s an offensive slur i’m pretty sure same with fairy ah shit my art history class is about to start
 lmao what if u find ur true passion in art history	 hey don’t joke about that shit well then i would do more art history lol idk though since i fell asleep doing the reading it is interesting though talking about how in ancient times art was actually supposed to be useful vim is kinda gross my god
 lol wait useful art? doesn't that devoid the art of its beauty or some shit holy shit death note is so good but its so fast paced i'm on episode 8 and they're pretty close to catching light idk how they're gonna keep up the pace im also kinda scared that thing u mentioned will happen sometime soon and the show will become shitty	 lol nah that thinking of art i think only appeared starting around the impressionist to the current post modernism contemporary movement ancient art, such as cave paintings and sculptures in the round or relief most likely served more purpose than just existing like religious or communication purposes ah shit i let my art slip out 🐱 lol nah don’t worry it won’t become like shitty but you’ll see what i mean when you get there yeah death note is super fast hehe you seem to like all these japanese anime shows now huh liking the new and imaginative settings and stories? holy shit took me about a week but i think i made a mathematically sound slip model. couple hours in the lab everyday time to animate it and make it presentable how you doing dude? heard you guys made it through the first round of midterms congrats!
 yee i did better than i expcteed also congrats on the slip model thats awesome also is the thing ur talking about with death note the ppearnace of the girl kira	 i'll be honest i have no idea what my data readouts are really saying rn lol, kevin, the phd student, just walked by and said hey that data looks great! you should animate it now 🐱 see you're better than average over there by a long shot and maybe lol, i didn't like that character as much, but nah there's still more death note goodness
 ya her charater is knda irritating	 wait a sec wtf you doing so late up
 uhhh watching death note hehe but holy fuck i hate this character	 🐱 bruh be careful you might turn into a weeb at this rate yeah misa is a lot lol
 🐱 btw check ur insta 🐱	 lol goddamnit you and your fake news propaganda i say! dude i actually gotta admit i've been pretty nervous here rn all the classes i'm taking rn isn't that challenging my lab notebook is bigger than all my classes rn i'm actually terrified of falling behind
 falling behind?	 dude my ece class is full of kids who don't even know what a photoresistor looks like rn
 i think a general rule for baiscaly all universities is that u leaarn more doing actual shit in actual labs than in class and u have a rock solid lab deal rn u wouldn't have this opportunity anywhere else	 i had to explain to my lab partner in physics who was a sophomore how uncertainties worked
 oh rip lol well then u would say try to hack the system and take advanced classes asap usually the downside to doing that is u get swamped and hate life	 yeah, maybe i'm freaking out too early rn
 but if u think u can do it without dying u should relentlessly appeal the ee department maybe also try finding a community of ppl who r actually experienced and into tech stuff that u can just bum around with probably mostly upperclassmen	 yeah i've been around the lab's upperclassmen and they've been cool af
 but u guys have a hackathon coming up i think	 but i only see them in the lab and stuff
 u should actually go just to scout out ppl	 you know how i feel about software hackathons lol oh just scout out ppl?
 hackathons are like amazing places to meet ppl bc ur stuck in this room for 24 hrs just working on tech shit for fun	 isn't that just the lab?
 u don't even need to work on ur own project, just go around talking to ppl and maybe hop onto someone else's project lmao well with labs ur not sleep deprived and under as much pressure	 my moment of worry was when i realized i've only laughed the hardest around the lab i also had a nightmare last night that dr. hurst called all my projects and proposals shit that actually made me wake up in a cold sweat and made me double check what i was working on rn yeah i guess my big worry was that the classes were too easy rn but i guess i should take advantage of that and be able to establish myself more in the lab rn idk, i think when you mentioned that i don't really show what i do and stuff i got more aware of that especially during ece where they were talking about how to edit files and the professor was explaining what a lidar was and i'm just wondering how did i end up here, repeating basics i learned by myself years and years ago and then i still have moments when i think about how i got rejected from 14 places and how that can't be a coincidence anymore and that there's something actually wrong with me like maybe i shouldn't be dreaming so big and that i'm fundamentally behind and the only place where those feelings don't get to me is the lab oh no, i'm becoming a virgin loser 🐱
 🐱 no roy shut the fuck up what ur feeling is called being a human it's also similar to what sam and i feel, the whole fundamentally behind thing the reason u got rejected from colleges is stupid and simply just demographics and presentation. it has no indication for actual skill or potential idk how freeform the classes are at osu, but i feel like u could totally hack the system. this is what i would do: if u feel confident in all the classes ur taking, just stop going to ur lectures, pick a few advanced and even grad level classes and start dropping into those, learn the material, even take the tests if ur able and then establish ur presence in the lab those two things i would also go to hackathons, go to any events that have ppl who are either discussing very technical subjects or actually working on projects for example if there's a reading group for machine intelligence or for computer vision even if it's not a field ur that interested in just show up this is where i wanna challenge u to branch out more-- do something where u don't have to commit but where u can drop in and talk to ppl. sign up for all the email lists like every single one that the ee dep has u can always create filters	 yeah i suppose so thanks justin i'll see what i can do, some of the grads and seniors told me about courses i probably should hang around the robotics club more than just being in the lab yeah one thing i noticed is that i no longer have the desire to transfer anymore but i have a sneaking suspicion that's only because of the lab
 i think it's pretty clear it's just the lab but that's good i don't think it's healthy or useful to even be considering transfers right now treat osu like ur there to stay for 4 yrs i feel like if u cling onto the possibility u will be leaving in a yr it might dampen things	 yeah that's true i should start working on a project to get me grounded here better start begging the robotics club for funding thanks dude, feel more solid again how have you been doing though?
 ahh just been hosed but i'm really excited about my urop	 is that like a sex thing? hosed?
 yes	 nice dude
 🐱	 oh yeah, your urop with the nlp people right??
 it means being fucked on the ass by mit	 if i haven't said it before, congrats! congrats to your urop not the assfucking
 thanks lmao its not the nlp group but it's a group that works on nlp and i think i made the right choice	 yuhhh that's amazing to hear do you know what you're going to be doing? besides using the best text editor and best os ever
 kind of i can't type it all out rn cuz my hands are taped	 lol wut
 but i'll explain it another day i'm in the middle of an assassins game with my frat	 that's uh, huh
 i have to hold a spoon in my right hand to stay alive	 ohhh that's clever
 yee	 do you slap people spoons outta their hands?
 nah u just tap them but if they're holding the weapon item in their right hand they're immune or their left if they're a lefty but this way i can write while having it in my hand	 huh lol do you get anything if you win?
 lol like $25 or smthn	 that's not bad tbh good money get you a lunch for a week if you hit up the right places
 nah for like 2 weeks if u factor in the free food game at mit	 i thought you were eating more healthy rn lol
 well i bought a shit ton of fruit so i might be intaking 2000 calories of fat a day but i eat an apple on top of that which should absorb the cardiovascular disease bc something superfoods and gluten free	 don't forget about your fertility super powder 🐱
 🐱 nah ashley took that with er	 oh shi, don't worry dude i'm bound to run into some hippies soon i can get you some and they call weed hits dabs apparently didn't know that's where the word dab originates from
 lmao ask where they keep their jo crystals also lmao i'm reading my urop lab's onboarding page, and they start talking emacs and they have an external reference link which i thought would be a tutorial, but they just link that xkcd comic	 lol that's actually hilarious oh btw use spacemacs don't bother to customize your own emacs config from the ground up, it's actually way too much trouble https://github.com/syl20bnr/spacemacs a community-driven emacs distribution - the best editor is neither emacs nor vim, it's emacs *and* vim! - syl20bnr/spacemacs there should be a quick tutorial and reference page inside of it when you boot it up though tbh emacs isn't as nice on a windows platform as it can be on a linux platform unless you go through the trouble of getting the windows environment just right
 ya ill be using ubuntu 14.04 i'm working on their computers not mine	 oh shi, 14.04?? what software are they using to keep them that far back?
 ya they need to update lol i think they just havent bothered to update im using one of their older computers	 lol bruh i can kinda feel though, ever since getting deeper into my frameworks i'm scared to update wait a sec, what are you doing up so late
 uh work lol i actually should probably gtg	 lol yeah, sounds gucci g'night then man! g'luck with that work and assass spoon get that 25 bucks!!
 lol thanks	 shit dude i have a dilemma
 🐱 ok shoot	 lol wait shit i’m skating rn maybe call or i’ll just text more when i’m back in my dorm
 lol ok lmk	 back one of the grad students invited me to this dinner and watching survivor with the lab tomorrow but the next day i have a math quiz should i take him up on the offer?
 what's survivor like the tv show? ya why don't u just study math today?	 yeh, apparently a former lab member is on it now lol
 🐱	 i just don't know if i'll get quality studying tonight
 why not?	 hw lol
 i would go how hard is the math class?	 idk, not that hard rn at least in terms of the current material that was covered but i still can't fail dr. hurst literally told me when i talked to him that i need a 4.0 for grad school lol which i knew before hand, but hearing it from an actual prof, hurst nonetheless, really rustled my jimmies
 lol wut rip	 yeh right intense af roy and justin became friends on facebook 4 years ago. watch the video celebrating this friendship. it’s only been four years? also, no homo
 damn well 4 yrs on facebook but ya it feels longer	 dude you didn’t say no homo wtf we can’t be friends anymore 🐱
 🐱	 dude the guy who was on survivor, the roboticist one of the girls and him were sitting on the sand she asked him, “do you want to play with me?” his response, “in the sand?” fuking gold btw do you know what’s the etiquette for cleaning toilets
 lmao wut wait but why did the girl ask if he wanted to play	 idk, the show has romance sometimes -> showmance and i think she was pretty to seduce him into not voting her off the toilet thing is that i learned that katie and roommate actually clean their toilet, but my ra and i have not even attempted to clean anything
 lol but still thats a wierd seduction "do you want to play with me"	 tbh nothing smells yet so i bet we have another three months yeah idk lol, do you think i know what good seduction sounds like?
 lmao wait dont u guys have janitors/cleaning crew?	 we have one for the hall itself, but since the private bathrooms are connected to each of our rooms we’re responsible for it
 oh ic	 oly fuck dude rethink robotics is closing down https://www.therobotreport.com/rethink-robotics-closes-its-doors/ rethink robotics, the boston, mass.-based maker of collaborative robots baxter and sawyer, shut its doors. rethink was founded in 2008 by rodney brooks
 https://youtu.be/iklg91yp4sq have u heard this song?	 no, i’ll give it a listen soon are you alright btw? apparently there’s an active shooter in the bu area of the river
 ya i'm fine i'm not in the bu area	 *whew worried since your frat is hanging out jen??
 yup	 what did ya guys do?
 just went to a chill party did some drinking some chillin and then i walked her back to bu and thats pretty much it	 awwww you walked her back fuking gentleman
 i mean she was kinda dying i don't think she wouldve made it back on her own lol	 oh did she drink?
 ya but not a lot	 dude do you know what to do if your hand just can’t grip as hard anymore
 what what wfym	 yeh idk either guess i’ll just deal with it
 ? r u losing grip strength	 idk when i woke up today i just couldn’t hold my phone with my right hand
 uh shit dude i should get that checked out	 nah it’s ok i can still type, meaning i can still program
 bruh is ur hand ok now?	 eh kinda but more importantly i think i also just overcommitted jyuuu, where you at? i need your advice
 oh shit sorry ya go ahrad	 i just went to the robotics club kickoff and meeting stuff for each team the underwater team wants to make a ros framework for their work, but not many of them have experience with ros the team lead literally said that if i join he's going to make me a lead programmer idk, afterwards they pulled me aside and said they really want "talent" and hinted really hard they wanted me to join and i might've said i'll see what i could do about some cv transmission but rn my priorities are academics
dynamic robotics lab
personal project and if i do join the team, it'll be fourth and i'm afraid of disappointing them also it currently seems to be one of those kinds of teams where they used to be good but now are struggling to reclaim that old glory (i.e. they haven't actually gone to competition in 2 years) and it feels extremely selfish, but idk if i want to pour time to make a whole framework for them if everything else falls through i should've just kept my mouth shut and not asked about their specs, apparently word got out there was some boston kid around who knew some stuff in the robotics club before i even showed up fuk dude, what if i can't what is this pressure i feel feels like shit
 lol damn dude i feel like the central problem is just u feel some obligation to do the robotics team bc ur one of the only ones with the skills do u enjoy what they do?	 i've never done full on underwater before but idk if i wanna get stuck just setting up ros frameworks ya feel it'll be like becoming that one guy who manages all the legacy systems since that's the only person who knows fortran yeah, i guess i do feel kind of obligated i really do want to help especially when one of the leads muttered the line "we need more talent" it's like the feeling that you have someone who's thirsty and you have water, so you want to help them but at the same time i don't want to give them all my water and idk if i have enough and also idk if this thirsty person will do much even if i give water (that part sounds mean) fuck, i spent like 2 hours just talking to them
 hmm ya it seems like ur not really into it i would say don't be like "tryna help out" either be in fully or not cuz from what it sounds like they will def pile up responsibilities	 and i also see what you mean by not everyone has the same drives as you
 ? wdym	 as i was talking to one of the leads they mentioned they wanted to try to program an fpga for the robot so they could do everything onboard, but it would be super hard and then they said it's alright though, it'll look good on resumes anything we do that's fancy is usually for resume building everyone i've met outside the lab don't have similar drives ya feel like they actually want to land a job like wtf 🐱
 🐱	 ok, got sarcastic there but yeah you know what i mean
 ya i mean just from how ur describing it it doesn't seem like u would enjoy ur time	 fuk dude, i even told them i could dabble and see how much i could set up yeah, i meant it to be, "i can set a little thing for you guys to build off of" but then they mentioned stuff like "we'll give you all the resources and computers you need, even people, we have lots of members that could learn from you" now i feel like if i say nah and just go back to working in the lab it'll be super rude especially since the robotics club people walk by the lab on their way to their clubroom
 why would it be rude	 lmao
 hmm i mean u just have to set expectations how many hrs a week would u be happy spending on robotics	 i spend at least 2 hours a day in the lab and then the rest of the time is for academics, which kinda covers it, then certain free time that pops up i'm reading papers and doing personal research i spend friday nights and dinners for social stuff but the biggest awkward part is that i was planning on using some of the robo club's funds for that personal project since they offer that
 lol	 so if i just walk in and be like, fund me and let me use your resources, but i'm not going to be on any of your sub-teams doesn't that seem rude?
 well if u take their money then u have an obligation	 they told me don't feel obligated
 lol ya it's rude now that u mention the money part	 but i do lmao yeah exactly dude
 but i mean how many hrs would u be willing to spend on robotics and is it worth the money	 that's the problem i'm still on the research phase of the leap mechanism, disney doesn't really document their work that well it seems but i'm estimating ~300 bucks on the way high end rn and i'm willing to spend like maybe an hour every two days on robo club stuff
 1) is the money specifically meant for personal projects	 i guess it would be a good way to keep my ros skills from rusting, esp since ros is way too bulky for walking robots rn
 and 2) u really just have to communicate with them to set expectations. tell them u only have time to spend 3 hrs a week on robotics and if they think it's not enough just don't join	 the way it works is that each subteam from rover to underwater has their own separate budgets and there's a club budget that can be used for member's personal projects i'm technically a member, but i'm not on any of the subteams, and they don't interest me that much personally (the whole wanting to move onto research) you know what i'm going to do a trial week see how much i can get done plan out my calendar with specific robo club working times and personal project research the free time will just be hw and or lab
 hmmm that's a bit dangerous tho just make sure u don't get set with any permanent responsibilities	 danger's my grandmother's surname
 u fucking old man wut	 sorry, shitty, not well planned joke
 if u go the first day and they assign u as a lead position ur not gonna really be able to quit in a week	 personally, i thought that was way too sudden
 especially you cuz you'll be like "well it'll be so rude if i blahblahblah"	 all i asked was if they use ros, got a no answer, get pulled aside by one of the leads -> huge discussion -> them pushing me to join and telling me what resources they can get me i shouldn't have listened to dr. hurst, should've just been a labrat
 i feel like u gotta be in or out. if u can make it clear that u don't want to have any big responsibilities u should be fine	 what do you mean especially cuz it's me? 😤😤😤 you calling me a woz?? a woz?!
 no i'm calling u a wus 🐱	 that was pretty good
 but i feel like u are a bit too generous with giving out ur time	 now that i think about it, i got into the rwdc team since i offered to help them choose what motors and batteries to use
 when u don't wanna b doin smthn u gotta just make it clear to ppl. there are other times to be polite, but not when it's concerning what u want to do with ur life and precious tkme5	 i got into auxivision since i said i could make a small prototype holy fuck dude it's a trend time to stay away from the business kids
 ya and if i put those data points into my neural network it says that ur a fucking wus 🐱	 🐱
 i think giving robotics a week trial is not bad as long as u make sure u don't get assigned any permanent roles. just tell them straight up u don't have a lot of time to spend even email the captain's before u show up setting those expectations	 yeah that's true, before talking with you i was just going to remake some of my old ros code tomorrow and just send them that and then just call it there and slowly build up on it whenever they wanted some new client and server my ultimate plan was try to get more involved with another lab here too fuk dude there's too many robots i'd never thought i'd say that
 lol well from what i'm hearing it doesn't seem like ur that into the robotics team what's the other lab?	 human robot interaction the charisma lab
 the wut	 the charisma lab i ain't josin' with ya man it's literally called that dr. knight and dr. hurst i think have the loudest presence rn, esp since their research is very tangible
 what kind of human robot interaction	 various i think she did a ted talk or something similar on a robot she programmed that could tell jokes based on the audiences response so it could actively change what kind of jokes it continued to tell based on real time feed back from the crowd lol fuk, i was about to go out my dorm to get food but then i saw there were a bunch of people hanging out in the hall so i went back in to avoid eye contact i think i’m actually slowly becoming a loser well more of a loser
 🐱	 i appreciate you inviting me to the theta xi coffee night but unfortunately i am 3k+ miles away :( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ej0b1dsnqog "what if mobile devices had a robotic limb" i can't believe it japan got the jaxon robot to skateboard!!
 holy shit i can't believe someone made the finger thing	 ikr anything we meme becomes real quick! let’s meme world peace
 🐱 but world peace isn't memey fucking nuclear disarmament more like un disarmament treaty noncompliance amirite	 i don’t get it 🐱 i didn’t find out who brett kavanassman was until like last week when wong mentioned him lowkey though kavanassman was the woman
 🐱	 my biggest news of the last week is rethink robotics shutting down and bd’s presentation at iros in which raibert casually dropped that they use the same step pathing algorithms as the rest of the community and that bd has 250+ engineers now jen mentioned there’s an ml group that spans the unis in boston are you part of it too? https://youtu.be/likxfzzo2sk
 well i like drop into their reading groups i didn't apply to be actually part of the exec or anything the mit one is also holding a conference at some point soon also dammmmmn that was really cool	 oohh ic ic so you’re a wild man no organization can hold down your ml and i know right bd is insane they have so many talented engineers there 
 lmaooo i've seen that	 it's quite the compelling data
 yo	 ye?
 i was just bored lol	 nioce bruh lol how was your night?
 it was anticlimacic nothing really happened lol also i'm dualbooting ubuntu agian! i need it for my urop also i'm tryna learn some web security stuff and linux is basically a req how much did you partition for ubuntu?	 out of my 1tb harddrive i gave ubuntu 900 gb lol i gave it wayyy too much web security stuff huh? you going to do hackermen stuff?
 oh lmao wut ok i only have 256 lol and i have 85 gb available but i need to leave some for windows cuz i'm still gonna be using it	 only 85 gb???
 ye	 what the heck is eating up more than 100 gb on your window side this was my specific layout
 windows is just a hoe	 on ssd (124 gb total)
/         75 gb
/usr    25 gb
/boot 24 gb

on hdd (900 gb total)
/home 800 gb
/var      50 gb
/tmp     50 gb yeah i noticed that too, windows 10 uses up more space for system files which apparently is a glitch on their part and getting rid of the excess files is a pain in the ass, i've tried before
 i already cleared out as much as i can	 feelsbad hmm if you have 84 gb available... you want to give most of it to your home
 look at this fucking hoe	 yeah that's ridiculously huge lol
 also since i'm kinda crunched on storage i might just do root and swap and not do home	 oh btw you don't need that much space for boot on your ubuntu sys, like 250 mb will do, i overdid it
 i can always back up things on my external hd if i wanna update distros	 are you not going to lose those external hd's though? 🐱
 🐱 fair pt but meh how much did u partition for linux on ur old computer	 i know a guy here who velcro's his external hd's to his laptop the dead thinkpad? lol i split everything down the middle i think it was a 256 gb ssd too
 or i remember u had a computer that u said u gave too little space for for ubuntu	 oh that was the thinkpad i later just partitioned off more space for the ubuntu side and merged the partitions
 isn't that process really annoying	 eh it was aight, just half an afternoon spent on it
 so you partitioned like 128 gb? and how did you use it all up	 yeah pretty much ros, opencv, lots of excess packages that i never ended up using
 the onlyy thing i'm worried about is i might want to download a bunch of datasets for future projects	 robot simulations that i never used since thinkpad would freeze
 thats the only storage heavy thing i'll be doing i think oh ic	 those datasets you can probs slap onto an external hd though right or pull from servers
 but since they're just datsets i could also just use my external hd ya	 back at booz allen they bought specific servers for datasets and ether-netted them to their main computers
 i don't think most free datasets are stored on servers u can pull from but ya i guess as long as i don't install a shit ton of package	 well fuk them then, that's the spirit of open source *that's not the
 i should be fine with maybe 60?	 and use the other ~25 for system stuff?
 i] i'll leave 25 for windows	 yeah i suppose that would work
 and i won't do home, just a root partition	 60 gb would probs be running it super tight if you're going to do a lot of high level programming though
 fuck hmmmmmmmmm well	 the only problem i see would be if you're doing stuff you might need to spend time on space management which no one wants to work on idk what kind of frameworks or packages you're going to be using though but personally i wouldn't go under 100 gb for a ubuntu + ros + opencv system if i'm going to do actual stuff on it
 are ros and opencv huge packages	 maybe like half a gb if you only get the bare bones what will really get'cha are the packages and simulation models and shit and all the other programs that you'll use along side them
 so like my anaconda package is about 11 gb, and it has all the python scientific libraries included	 holy shit i had no idea anaconda was that big dude that's like 1/6 of your 60 gb alone lol you don't need all of those libraries though right?
 no, but also i don't really need that many packages outside of that the rest of packages not in anaconda i've used are about 300 mb i'm probably not gonnna be doing a lot of simulation models	 oh in that case i bet you'll be fine with 60 gb especially with an external hd
 i can't believe you used up over 120 gbs tho on just packages and simulations did you store a lot of like videos or smthn	 maybe i also sometimes stored the resulting data of those simulations on hindsight i should've actually been more conservative just like how i am in the political spectrum 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱
 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱	 i don't think republicans are allowed to exist on college campuses dude did you know how much research robotics actually cost it's insane fucking voice coil actuators bigger than 3 inches cost like 700 bucks we need communism to further research capitalism only limits scientific advancement with frivolous things like funding i also found out cassie costs like 300k
 wouldn't communism mean you would be randomly assigned a job you could be an art historian	 like i always knew this shit was expensive, but now i'm actually here it's mindblwoing lmao wanna hear a quote from some art history reading i'm doing? "as interpreters of art we must find out what the work of art means, in other words, 'how does the work mean>'" ? otherwise, it's been a fascinating class real talk though you know the feeling of you're just not doing enough?
 oh fuck i went to do laundry at the wrong momdnt sorry man wanna call about it? and to answer ur question i feel like that literally every day lol	 lol it’s aight i was just doing health hw and looking at the new bd videos and just thinking about how behind i am the fact that i found out voice coil actuators cost like 700+ bucks a pop
 behind in what sense also i'm making dinner rn so i'm down for a call	 i’m sitting here doing health hw while others are making shit yeah sure, un momento for i am taking a dump aight i’m dry *readt
 ok	 wow dry is so much worse lol lol it said the call was dropped
 rip my phone died lol i didn't realize it was that low	 lol hot damn dude wait then how are you typing rn laptop?
 ye	 you still wanna chat or you good?
 ya we can finish up real quick, ill just call on my laptop https://youtu.be/3sau5racsge?t=263	  foxy roxy called you. 🐱 no homo
 nohomo hey buddy how's it going you look weird without your glasses because you were irrelevant to me for all of sophomore year : )))))))))))))))	 🐱
 hi hey hhi hihihihihih hihidshfoosdfa 🐱 🐱 🐱 🐱	 🐱
 ok i decidd not to go to the party which was probably the right move	 i agree to that, especially if you have a lot of work piled up
 also apparnetly while we were calling today, sarah was calling sam	 lol that's insane, what the heck i wonder if they were also memeing
 its interesting how treehouse splits into you/me + sam/sarah or me/sarah + you/sam but its never me/sam rip	 yeah, you two just never are in the same place at the same time for some reason it's really strange especially since you two have a lot of similar thinking
 ya i just think we didn't have the chance to spend enough time together so the bondage never happened uh fuck the bonding never happened *bonding	 was that a freudian slip? 🐱
 🐱	 wait, hadrian was gay?
 lol dude every roman emperor was gay or rather bisexual	 it's probably the water they drank just like how the water is turning the frogs gay
 it's a thing in greek and roman culture, the default orientation is like masculine bisexual lol 🐱	 🐱 so you tellin' me they fuked little boys?
 ya like a lot like there's some really wierd shit i think it was caligula who was the wackiest, he liked to swim naked with little kids and train them to like nibble on his dick or smthn things u learn from 4 yrs of latin	 oh my god what that's uh way more than i needed to know old white rich people amirite, they've always been wacky 🐱 that was my first liberal joke in a long time fuk old heterosexual white males before they fuk our kids 🐱
 🐱	 how's your intro to ml course been?
 its been pretty good actually, not as hard as i ithought but still challenging i spend the most time on it out of all my classes and its also my favorite class how was ur midterm?	 midterm was easier than i expected, thought there would be more conceptual questions heard physics was a lot harder so now i'm just prepping for that hot dayumn dude when ml is too easy for the justin yu
 🐱 nah i think its gonna get harder i mean its about the same level as that andrew ng course but with more math actually and more in depth implementations https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khbcvlqpvz8&feature=share looks like bds tryna ramp up their marketing strategy	 ooh around the level of ng huh? but it actually goes into the math? that already sounds like a lot of work yeh lol i wonder if they’re trying to be memey or not but the last part, where it moonwalks/shuffles back that’s impressive we were talking about it in the lab today
 oh lol dude i've been going to bed before 2 every day its actually crazy	 lol that’s way better than high school congrats!
 thanks about ot go to bed now but woooah mit just announced they're restructuring to create a separate school of computer science http://news.mit.edu/2018/mit-reshapes-itself-stephen-schwarzman-college-of-computing-1015 gift of $350 million establishes the mit stephen a. schwarzman college of computing, an unprecedented, $1 billion commitment to world-changing breakthroughs and their ethical application. just like cmu	 yeah that seems to be the smart trend i think will it be finished while you’re there? esp considering you’re cs
 i think they're going to start moving resources into the college of computing starting next year the building itself will be finished the year i graduate so probably for my class it would just end up being some extra beauracracy cuz some of the programs i'm in will be transferred to other schools etc	 but if you do your masters in cs i bet you could enjoy the building if enough and prominent profs move in on time or you can learn half the worlds knowledge by going to harvard business school
 🐱	 did you know industry and academia has different definitions of some variables and processes of pid controllers? y god
 well i feel like it's not a surprise that industry wouldn't be standardized	 i’m surprised they don’t teach us that in harvard business school 🐱 i’ve been pondering recently is it really that common for ppl to find others attractive wait nvm fuk that “what is love” stuff i’ve just started reading up a bit on the brett kavanaughty thing why are so many ppl against him when there is very little, to almost no evidence against him isn’t it supposed to be innocent until proven guilty
 ya its kinda grossly overpoliticized thats been happening with anyone who might have like one or two questionable incidents wait also elaborate on the finding others attractive thing	 like i thought most people (or at least guys) tended to really want to find gf's or be in a relationship or other stuff (hence the traditional frat) and i thought i might also be like that by default but i haven't found anyone attractive not because ppl ain't hot here, there are plenty of conventionally attractive people after thinking about it i just chalked it up to the fact that i haven't really been interacting that much with people my age on a daily basis am i now asexual?
 ooof the girls at osu aren't hot enough for roys standards nah i don't think its necessarily that way there are plenty of attractive ppl at mit but that doens't mean i want to get into a relationship with anyone yet	 lol i think my assumption was that i would want to get into a relationship but the reality turned out to be i'm fine and content with being alone just like in the game
 rip does that mean i'll be friendzoned super hard by everyone oh no what if sarah's my first elly 🐱 🐱 🐱	 oh shit man 🐱 🐱 you guys seemed fine yesterday! until you head butted her
 ya well i mean a lot to her as a friend so emohsais on friend 🐱 i wonder if i screenshotted that moment in the story	 there’s something making me think that you’re still not 100% over it not sure though, could just be the water that’s making the frogs gay oh i bet one of us did, it’s quite the scene aren’t you two getting drunk together tonight?
 nah she's sick so it's better if she doesn't come also i don't think i screenshotted it	 yeah i couldn’t find it in our shared picture history thing but one of us posted the sex scene with elly
 i mainly screenshotted my meme runs so i have a bunch of me with having sex with all the characters or brutally murdering all the characters that's tammy i think lmao	 priorities lol wait a sec, the mc in the game went to stanford grad for robotics right?
 yup	 where did they go for under? i can’t recall anything about it, at least not in my own runs holy shit jyu are you going to go to stanford grad school? the parallels are insane
 ooh ya lol lmaoo what if i just live that life but probably the one where i end up homeless	 lol nah dude you’ll burn your name into the world memes are developing in the lab have you ever had dream deja vu?
 ? like experiencing deja vu in a dream	 turned out there’s a term for it precognitive dreams i just had one where i’m writing code in a white themed editor in a lab/workspace area and it hit me i was programming in matlab in the lab then i got a massive headache and now i’m here maybe i’m a mutant or just a stroke 🐱
 lol w\ut	 yeah same fuck dude i just got out of the lab, amazing day with the lab peeps check my phone totally forgot that i was supposed to meet up katie and her friends for bowling fuk fuk fuk
 oh rippp the game plot is already happening this is like when u decide to work on ur robot instead of hanign out with josh	 fuk dude the game
 aw fuk i can't reproduce the friendzoen scene i keep accidentally having sex with elly oh wtfff i've never encountered this before someone mailed a bomb to my house and now my right arm is missing	 dude when i saw the preview to your message i almost had a heart attack lol but damn, and here i thought we both got most if not all the scenes and lol “accidentally” keep having sex with elly maybe you’re subconsciously trying super duper hard to avoid being friend zone even in game oh yeah stanford just released some of their 200 level ai course https://cs230-stanford.github.io/ material for stanford cs230 taught by ng and katanforoosh thought you might be interested in what they're doing
 oooh thanks	 i notice every associated with that course are majority east asian or indian have you ever felt like you just don't want to help people anymore? whoa lol, that came out darker than i expected actually fuk these emo feels it's probably from not being in the lab
 ?	 i'm going to just go to the lab instead and do work there
 wdym elaborate on da feelz	 i just get all tired and angsty when i'm not in the lab i notice probably not causation just a trend i noticed also whenever i hang out with ppl around my age it always somehow goes back to "oh roy, help me with my programming assignment, oh can you teach me how to make circuit boards, oh can you please tell me about computer vision" like goddamn i was happy to help, but i want to do my own work too i spent all of yesterday helping someone with their coding assignment well i guess i either have to learn how to say no better or just hang out in the lab every waking moment 🐱 t the whole hanging out with people my age here hasn't been as nice as some people said it should've been
 🐱 "ppl my age are losers. i'm fucking roy xing. i can't hang out with these losers" 🐱 🐱	 that is not what i meant lol 🐱 i just sometimes recall when you were talking about how you were excited to be able to be surrounded by people smarter than you and learning from them and bonding with them and when i take a look around me with the kids my age i haven't been able to find that group yet, besides the way upperclassmen and grad students in the lab maybe i should just go with the flow more often, but sometimes it just feels disappointing
 "when i look around me everyone's fucking stupid as shit" 🐱 jk hmmmm	 idk, talking/thinking about this kinda stuff always makes me feel like an asshole for even feeling that way lol
 well first of all ya u have to stop being a fucking wus and just tell ppl no nah your fine lol i'm just meming i'm revenge meming u for all the "i'm justin yu" memes	 lol tru, 'tis a golden opportunity idk, i just notice it a lot with one of the sophomore girls i know
 ya so first of all u gotta stop beng a wus and just say no	 every time we interact it's her asking me to help her with robotics, computers whatever
 ooh damn dude these signalzzzz	 she has a boyfriend and i am 100% not attracted to her by any means
 "roy can you come over and fix my hardware"	 holy fuk idk maybe i took to much heedance to people's suggestion to hanging out with people my age expecting that whole"find your group of friends" when that's not truly a priority 🐱
 🐱 hmm so you don't feel like u have like a squad?	 i feel like i don't need one and i don't particularly want one but that's the "normal" thing to do tbh my only solid point of contact with undergrad life/association is katie lol
 lmao wait so what socila activities do u do	 hang out in the lab go to whatever katie tells me to go to except bowling last time since i was at the lab
 so u only go on social things with ur lab? lol	 holy shit i only go on social things with the lab
 hmmmmmmm i notice a trend here lemme apply my ml skillz lemme plug this into my recurrent neural network	 are you going to blockchain the cloud too? one other thing that's got me a little downtrodden and i know it's kinda like a small and shitty thing is that whenever they have talks here from alumni of the undergrad program or "networking" events it all is kinda lackluster but the grad robo seminars and stuff have all been amazing but i guess i could chalk that up to grad school vs undergrad difference a possible bad sign i’ve also noticed is that i’ve been eating alone in my dorm a lot lol fuk dude, idk why i'm complaining so much sorry sorry i'm already getting annoyed at myself
 heres a shitmeme for u fuck bad timing	 lmao
 yes u were saying sorry go on lol	 nah that's about it tbh bad feels sneak up on me whenever i'm not in the lab
 hmm what do u mean by lackluster like the alumni themselves are not interesting or you are not interested in them lol	 like look at this dude who was an ece bs from here, he's making chips at a boring ass office job in a random ass company like the dude literally said that he spends each day just fixing bugs in the office but they have free expresso makers so that's really cool
 🐱 🐱 oh so corporate life	 yeah fuck man it feels like a corporate life factory here for the undergrads 🐱 jk idk maybe i'm just expecting too much
 hmm	 i think it may be the horror of mediocrity that's setting upon me, perceived of by myself in my own mind of my environment
 wait elaborate	 i came here for the lab right placing all my bets on that while a lot of my friends are going to great undergrad programs and from the internet and societal hype about college, i'm assuming that subconsciously i expected undergrad life to be more exciting too but so far it feels rather lackluster compared to other events it's like the small things like when sam mentioned that vanderbilt had a big thing for undergrads to network with big companies and i look at the undergrad networking stuff here and it's with frankly lackluster companies usually i'm not exposed to it when i'm in the lab, but whenever i'm with some undergrads i notice it and the feeling of mediocrity just kinda pokes me the wrong way i'm not saying the people here are mediocre, since that's just not true and mean to say but rather the environment feels like that like still when i ask fellow undergrads what they want to do after college, it tends to just be find a good paying job and the sharp contrast to that is when i'm in the lab, just the robotics grad building here in general where people are way more focused on their work, and know what they want to do, etc. like when i'm sitting in the ece course here it's about how you could be working for [insert generic chip making company name] and live a nice life by doing blah blah, now let's learn how a circuit works but when i'm sitting in on the lab meetings it's about looking over bd's patents and analyzing our own dynamics and theories of the physics behind certain mechanisms
 ic so the academic environment just isn't stimulating have you gone to any meetups or events that might house some like-minded ppl? outside of ur lab	 yeah
 even outside of the school. idk if the city itself has meetups	 bruh, i live in the forest think of cornell's environment but more hippies way more hippies
 rip well there's nothing wrong with hanging out with upperclassmen but i feel like you should branch out of ur lab	 why do i need to be social outside of the robotic labs being real though what benefits would that bring
 lol well if you put aside silly things like mental health	 lmao but yeah that's true, who cares about mental health when you're perfectly mental
 1. it'll help you branch out into different interests and see different perspectives outside of robotics. going into osu you already had a thing where you were a bit too focused on one field, and now you're only hanging out with ppl of that one field lol

2. you always want to have a network of ppl to support you when u need it both emotionally and for future jobs or opportunities and such	 for the first one, i'm already taking art history, it'll be fine i bet plus any time i spend outside of those fields is less time i'm doing research or reading up on the latest research holy shit i actually just said that okay you're right i think i have a problem the support network is already fine though i think, the only jobs that i would want is in robotics and the labs here are already well connected and not to mention my connections back in boston emotional support is not needed since mental health is not important so i guess i should hang out with the social robotics people more good solution
 lmao	 maybe i should check out that asian american people thing or hang out with the robotics team officers more
 ya do it	 or i could become a full on lab rat like in the game maybe doing more research on that personal project and kicking it into higher gear will also distract me from frivolous things like social mental well being and self-perceived image of my environment and myself when do you think it’ll be a good time to apply to internships?
 hmmm probably around now i know there's a bunch of deadlines coming up in early - mid nov at least for me	 lmao fuk, time to boot up latex too bad all the places i’m looking at are small
 that's not vad bad i'm only really looking at startups	 you going try skydio?
 i tried already lol they rejected me well they said they are only look for third years or above tho u can cheese it and still apply but my resume isn't strong enough regardless	 show them up, show them your brilliance and they’ll have to take you show them ur projects alright, i guess it’s time to try to use connections then what other places are you looking at?
 well there's another round of recruiting in the spring ij think but i emailed a few nlp startups there's one, nference which i networked pretty hard for during career that is considering me i just finished a coding assessment they sent me yesterday so we'll see	 oh damn that’s intense i was thinking of just asking hurst and or grad students if they had any recs or places to look at
 they're a startup spun out of mit and have some pretty cool ppl on their staff so i think it would be a good way to learn	 and also emailing massrobotics again
 ya that's a good idea what about just intenring for agilitiy?	 lol i have no idea if i’m good enough for agility
 well if u work at their labs all year they'll probably at least consider u for an interview	 i only just got a controlled slip model system barely working like last week, which i still need to work out some specific bugs
 also remember, the highest financial cost of hiring is not wages but onboarding	 i guess i could still ask
 since u won't really need onboarding u should have a good advantage	 worst case scenario i go back to booz allen i mean the other issue would be housing lol
 can't u get summer housing on campus?	 agility is a 20 minute drive from campus on the highway
 bike	 it’s rural af outside of campus
 lol	 first i suppose i’ll get my resume in order and then get on other stuff i wish i learned latex earlier lol
 ya don't let dumb things like money and logistics get in the way. in the long run the experience and the resume boost will be worth it for future endeavors at the very least u might net 0 and spend all ur wages on transportation and netting 0 is way more money than if u were left to ur own devices for a summer 🐱	 well shit you’re not wrong
 also u don't need latex for resumes i pulled mine out of bill gates ass	 i know, but i need to learn it anyway, all the grad students use it for their hw lol what do you mean out of gates ass did you make it from google docs?
 urgh as in microsoft word sorry i'm tired	 holy shit you used ms :o lol it’s fine dude, no need to apologize for being tired i’m reading about greek dicks rn did you know they made statues that comprised of just a guys head and a huge dick?
 what is that protruding out of his midsection then	 that’s supposed to be the dick it’s a column body meant to be atropaic
 ohhh i thought u meant the body was suppose to be the dick lmao	 this whole paper is about dicks
 and his head is just on the head of a dick	 lol that would be next level next level art
 ya greek art is basic shit don't even have full body dicks	 there’s a whole paragraph about how the athenians loved little dicks i can’t anymore is this what art historians really do all day
 jeezus lol athenians probably didn't say no homo first smh	 that’s why their empire fell
 they didn't really have an empire	 virgin athenians vs the chad spartans
 only predominance in the delian league	 well i’m sorry if an empire is irrelevant to artistic pursuit
 that's right i paid attention in 6th grade	 lol i can’t believe that’s what you remembered from sixth grade
 nah actually it wasn't 6th grade it was cuz i was a huge history nerd i wanted to be a historian in elementary school	 oh yeah i recall you mentioning that now look at you, going to become a book writer linguistics holy shit the spartans really were chads
 lmaooooo holy shit	 here’s a question would there be any negative effects if poverty is eradicated
 hmm wait i'm in gym class but imma give an answer in a bit	 lol the question only rose up since ppl were discussing ai/robots taking jobs and stuff during a symposium also, i think i found another reason to travel and see other places besides robots, to see art 🐱
 🐱 i think it highly depends on how poverty is eradicated if all poor ppl all grow in wealth in a short period of time to above the poverty line (like within a decade or two), that's essentially inflation. all prices and cost of living would increase along with the increase in overall wealth bc everyone can afford to raise prices it's also worth mentioning that as time progresses, the standard of poverty increases. impoverished ppl today are more wealthy than impoverished ppl decades ago etc. i think the best way to eradicate poverty would be to decrease cost of production of essential goods, basically increasing the value of money in relation to goods but in my opinion what's most likely is that poverty is never eliminated, but the standard of living for everyone increases over time so the poverty line also increases over time this is just my intuition + basic economics, so i could b completely wrong	 baidu demos stacl (simultaneous translation with anticipation and controllable latency), the first simultaneous machine translation system with anticipation ... you should definitely take a look at this video and description nah your prediction sounds about right, plus like uh drugs. there was also a small debate on ubc by some researchers and industry ppl and one of the more compelling arguments against it is that it would create a large group of freeloaders, probably druggies
 well that's specific to certain methods of eradicating poverty like ubi and shit	 dude i need to learn how to be more aggressive/assert *assertive fuk
 rip why? fuck dude just took my midterm for intro to ml oof literally every day at mit makes me wish i were smart	 it's a bit of a long story oh damn, congrats on finishing though! lol, that's good though right? you're always around the best, so much potential all around or have you been feeling the whole little fish big pond thing?
 it's usually good but sometimes it's just overwhwlming and also i have 2 more midterms tomorrow rip	 oh shi, then i should probably leave you back to studying
 i'm so screwed i also got deathly i'll this week blame sarah	 i'll lol damn
 eiwidbeiwhdi and i'm really behind on my urop stuff damn this week has not been a good week how's it been going with u? did u make any guy friends 🐱	 no some fifth year senior tried to be sassy with me in the lab fuking didn't even know what gaze mode is on the robot amateur
 damn r u just going around chadding ppl	 otherwise i was moving robots around with the grad students late night for some conference/events no lol, that's why i need to be more assertive
 on graduation day u should just go up to him and rip his diploma	 lol
 oh ya wiat why do u need to be more assertive	 i'll tell ya another time, since you have midterms tomorrow gotta be considerate of your situation, unlike that senior
 ok damn lol	 good luck man!! be sure to get enough sleep so the illness doesn't negatively impact you too much can't take a test if you sneeze and cough every 10 seconds
 thxx	 🐱 <3 no homo how ya doing on this fine halloweekend
 🐱 actuallly pretty good idk its wierd i have bouts of feeling insecure and bouts of just being chill with life hbu	 insecure? are you ok?
 ye just some bad feels when im tired and sick	 it’s not about sarah right
 nah nah	 oohhh then what about?
 idk im just feeling behind on a lot of things	 behind? like intellectually? socially?
 like i'm spending a lot of time doing clubs and doing like my own learning and stuff and i'm still miles behind a lot of ppl, and then when i try to spend time with my floor it feels like i'm not super close with anyone since i don't spend as much time on the floor since i'm doing the first thing so basically i'm spending a lot of time doing shit and losing out both ways	 lol huh interesting yeah i can see where you're coming from though it's kinda like the opposite whenever my floor calls for an event or tries to get a get together i just see it as time not spent in the lab or studying and so i just don't go and don't worry about it because i'm just in the lab anyway 🐱 and you're not "behind" other people what makes you think that anyway? the only path you need to be worried about advancing is your own so you feel like you've stretched yourself out too thin and that you aren't getting the results that you want from both sides sounds kind of like how some ceo's have great business lives, but shit family lives not even memeing rn, but that balance is incredibly hard to pull off what i think would help is if you met someone who's proactive in wanting to hang out with you from the social side of things and if you can find a solid group of memers who're interested in the ml nlp side you can hang out with otherwise but no need to go out "searching" you'll recognize them when they're around eventually
 there aren't many ppl who proactively want to hang out i feel like or at least with me	 there's an easy fix for that, step 1: be hot
 its very easy to just fall into a hole of being by yourself doing work thanks man lol	 lol no problemo, i'm here for ya in that case, you might wanna be the proactive one a little bit more, putting yourself in situations where others can join you do you mean like you end up in a library corner or dorm doing work?
 ya i try lol ya i just end up doing work pretty late and then when i get back to bc ppl are all asleep	 do you feel more concerned about the social aspect or the experience/intellectual aspect?
 the social one bc that's the part i'm not good at	 so you feel as if you aren't connected with anyone due to your lack of hanging out with anyone consistently and when you get back to your dorms no one is around
 ye i guess	 what do you want to do about it?
 idk i think i just need to give it time it just feels kinda shitty	 yeah i suppose so just be careful to let it passively take over time can wear away at any problem, but it also wears away at you
 ya......... i think im gonna go take a nap its probanly cuz ive been averaging 3-4 hrs the past week	 yeah you best take that nap jyu g'nap! god fuking damnit why do i gotta take a goddamn health class
 🐱 i feel like we both k u secretly need it as do i but still	 i don’t care that vitamins a,d,e, and k are fat soluble you know what i bet this is the democrats fault 🐱
 🐱	 i’ve been pondering about people saying one needs to have a work life balance but shouldn’t it be a more case by case basis i don’t want to operate at 80% on social life and work each i want to operate at 120% for one and 40% for the other aka gonna join a frat and a sorority
 i think the pt is for most ppl if u don't balance it then it gets unhealthy to the pt where the total productivity is less	 how can one be unproductive if all they do is work checkmate liberals
 🐱 is this what ur health class is teaching u	 yeah teaching me propaganda but they can’t get me, for i don’t drink mineral water and everyone who’s not in the lab keeps telling me it’s not good to be a lab rat have you gotten better after the nap?
 ya kinda i'm going to bed early tonight too	 oh damn that's good!! turning that around don't sweat the social scene too much, you're a super likeable guy, you'll find people and for the "being behind" crap, you're ahead of so many people in ways you can't even see yet that group of "people" being the people you're afraid of being ahead of you
 ❤️💛💚💙 thanks man no homo	 <3 no homo
 i have a blind date on saturday lmao	 holy shit what how the what the did you set it up? where are you going/what are you doing iz diz the tammy route? seriously though, good for you man! trying out something new like that you're actually actively heading into the dating world my god
 lol nah u didn't set it up we have a floormal for our floor next sat and we have a floor tinder system where u pick someone on the floor to find u a blind date it's a "floormal" but basically u dress up fancy and then throw a rager lol	 what the that’s oddly specifically arranged for something as precise of a population sample as a dorm so all you know is that she’s in bc?
 no she doesn't have to be from bc it's just a floor tradition lol	 ohhh fuck dude i think i actually found a pet peeve fucking cucks who sit at desktop spaces with their laptop
 rip lol why	 cuz these computers are meant for printing and public space for those who don’t have laptops on them at the moment and some of them have specific programs, like if they were a lab computer fucking fifth year senior doesn’t even know cassie had gaze mode thinks he can tell me shit fucking bring my own laptop to the lab, well i’m doing actual research unlike your shitty honors thesis sorry that was raging in me for a bit now
 lol 🐱 wait what did the fifth yr senior do to u	 i technically sit at an open space in the lab right, but i’ve settled there so much now that the grads call it roy’s desk right but i still keep it clean and organized for when other ppl sit there when i’m not around right i even made a little sign that showed the password and some quirks on the settings on the computer that one of the masters said was useful fifth year senior shows up, be like pls dr. hurst i need an advisor for this honors thesis idk sits at the desk, i’m chill with that but later when i ask if i can use the space since i have files on there and matlab is a thiccboi kid goes like “well you know labspace is limited it would be better if you brought your laptop instead” bruh wut you have your laptop at a desktop space when we have space for laptop space it’s like 5 ft from you you’ve been in the lab only a few weeks, hell i’ve been around longer than you at this point but me being the un-confrontational shit when he did it again and one of the grad students noticed and asked if i wanted “my” desk back rn i said nah it’s ok and he’s just reading papers and complaining about how he doesn’t understand shit and how there’s too much info like bruh is this your first time reading research papers and you’re in your fifth year?? now i’m just peeved, i even said no when lillian asked me to fuking teach her circuit diagrams and pcb making also the guy threw away my sign for the computer like bruh, we actually _used_ that
 🐱	 he’s also got a high pitched voice 🐱
 🐱 lmaoo damn i haven't seen u get this heated about anyone in a while	 he’s obstructing work
 why don't u just point out that he's using a laptop when there are spaces for laptops	 i did when i first asked him to move but now one of the new ml masters student claimed part of that space, lorenzo you a g now fifth year senior better sit in the corner or something i just got more heated when he threw away the sign like bruh what a petty thing to do at first i was nervous about confronting him too hard since i’m technically new but when the masters students asked me who that random guy at my desk was no more worries
 nice nice i think u gotta be less nice roy	 yeah 🐱 fuk
 u gotta go out and chad ppl	 what i just don’t get is why he’s being a bitch like dat everyone else in the lab gets along just fine, happy team of nerds but this new guy maybe it’s cuz he’s not really doing anything but his honors thesis how does one become less nice
 u just have to be comfortable with asserting something that u believe is rightfully urs	 next time i'll grab his laptop and throw it on the ground "how about now? you're still taking up space?!"
 🐱	 🐱 you better research up asshole, cuz i'm not just coming back for the desk anyway you excited about your blinddate?
 eh kinda idk i don't have too much hope for it lol my expectations are low	 why so? no need to be super hyped and stuff but it's a new and hopefully pleasant experience getting to know new people, new information
 🐱 ya i guess girls are weird it'd be nice to get a friend out of this tho	 ayyy, that's a good attitude don't forget to your a fedora 🐱 *wear a
 thanks man lol	 of course of course i also spent a large amount of time last night painting a model instead of studying health crap lol
 lol is that the 3d printed one	 yeah it was a calming experience but took too much time perhaps maybe that also applies to this, but it was quite the bonding experience oh yeah pls don’t spread any info about the costume still not sure how much we wanna use/display it
 did u k at-sts are usless af did u k they were defeated by 3 teddy bears	 🐱 we were actually slightly worried about putting guns on it
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3c5gn15kas	 lol wtf why is star wars so weird do people actually like the ewoks?
 lol no its a big meme	 like the last jedi?
 reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee	 lol i can’t believe you just reee’d
 the last jedi is an underappreciated cinematic work of art that pissed people off because they can't handle undercutting of expectations and are trying to project old storylines onto new paradigm shifts in story just to please their inner 5 year old who can't get over the fact that luke is a fucking pussy and hes dead! hes fucking dead! get the fuck over it. yes there are weaker points in the last jedi such as rose and the canto byte sequences but they do not render the entire film and all of its cinematic achievements obselete	 oh my god i can't believe you camelcasememed that whole thing i'm genuinely impressed what about when luke drank that green-ass alien titty milk, stared into the camera, and gave that soul-rending grin
 obviously it was an empowering moment for alien women to breastfeed in public	 how do we know those aliens are female maybe the males produce milk in their species cant just make assumptions like that holy shit you’re up early what happened to the whole sleep early thig
 or up late lol im writing an essay i just started today thats due in 10 hrs	 past 3 am it’s morning my man bruh that’s insane
 its 4:44 ya u should also be asleep man	 holy fuck i just puked all over my bed well i guess it’s good it’s not my desk time to sleep in the lounge do you think it would be worth the money saved to wash off undigested tylenol pills and reingest them this is what i get for eating outside the lab ok i’m going to try to sleep on the not vomit gluck with your essay!!
 holy fuck what wait are you ok	 yeh idk what happened subconscious anxiety? idk lmao ate tuna, feel better lmao dude i just had a convo with the scholarship organizer person was talking about how in order to get funding for research it needs to be applicable and relevant to applications and that it can’t just be for pure science i need to master the art of bullshitting relevance like uc berkeley’s salto robot
 whats the salto robot what duh does it actually work like that	 what do you mean by does it actually work like that? that’s all that version can do lol salto-1p can now jump continuously for a bit using some drone propellers but the justification/relevance for research was search and rescue possibilities which i think was also cmu’s snake robot too lmao just gotta say search and rescue i guess
 how does it control itself in the air or aim for surfaces to jump off of or is it literally only able to jump off surfaces in that configuration lol	 the old one just couldn’t now it uses propellers to reorient itself midair
 woah that's actually pretty cool	 ikr but still wondering how the fuk they got funding how's your halloween so far/ ? partying?
 nah just psets lol and clubs hey roy i just wanted to let you know that you’re fake as fuck. i found out what you said about me but it’s cool just don’t ever talk to me again and don’t even try fixing this shit cause i’m just playing lol u my bitch. send this to 10 people to scare them. happy halloween u candy corn licking bitch lmao. love you	 did sarah send that to you?
 ya lol	 you ever have moments of philosophical introspective as you take a piss?
 uh not specifically when i take a piss	 huh ic interesting note so what've you been up to? the blind date's tomorrow right did you plan out what your opening line is going to be yet?
 it's on sat nah i haven't thought about it much the only things i've been grinding are psets	 fuk, my times are off
 😫	 wow when you put it that way _virgin_ oh yeah you know about the hedge fund virgin company thing?
 ? no	 the virgin group
 wut	  http://onefixdesign.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/virgingroup_redesign_01.jpg 
 what the	 "richard branson founded the virgin group, which controls more than 400 companies"  i'm very surprised you haven't heard of them
 oh wait i've heard of some of the companeis i didn't k they were all on the same group	 yeah dude it's insane "branson expressed his desire to become an entrepreneur at a young age. his first business venture, at the age of 16, was a magazine called student. in 1970, he set up a mail-order record business. he opened a chain of record stores, virgin records—later known as virgin megastores—in 1972. branson's virgin brand grew rapidly during the 1980s, as he set up virgin atlantic airline and expanded the virgin records music label. in 2004, he founded spaceflight corporation virgin galactic, based at mojave air and space port, noted for the spaceshiptwo suborbital spaceplane designed for space tourism" but the real meme branson wanted to create like a convention/gathering thing i guess it was supposed to be like an apple presentation or mars from amazon but he wanted to name it "virgin fest" oh jk, it's supposed to be a huge music fesetival lmao
 lmaooo	 dude i finally did it
 ?	 i finally asked a girl out
 wait wut wait wut hold on	 nah i’m just fucking with ya lmao gnight! i’ve been in the lab every hour of free time i have in the day you think i’m going to ask a girl out? 🐱 fuk i should ask a girl out
 dw i know 🐱	 know me so well :’)
 dude did i tell u at the frat party apparently one of my frat bros friends thought i was cute so they asked for my number but i barely talked to any girls so i guess it must be a guy 🐱	 🐱 lmao or or she could have been a shy quiet type
 lol maybe but they asked one of the bros for my number after the party so they must know my name so they must have talked to me	 or they know someone who talked to you and asked them what’s the name of that “cute boy” or maybe on a less hopeful note you talked to a reverse trap at some point
 ew true tbh most likely	 hey at least they didn’t call you nice “ hey what’s the name of that nice guy “
 wait is that a reference	 lol yeh man yeah you should get some sleep it’s a reference on top of a meme
 ya.....	 i’ve basically ascended (ethan) good night!! let me know how that blind date goes
 lol thamks	 how was the date yo wtf happened to late imperial roman art lol
 lol wtf also my dates happening at 10	 apparently they theorize the new art style reflects the new sense of government and social structure in which your position and title is more important than you yourself, hence the lack of distinguishing features on the sculpt sculpture and damn that’s late what are you guys going to be doing that late??
 lol my blind date just left the party started 30 min ago	 wait does that mean you never met her?
 nah i did for like 20 min but i was already know her from cow and befire	 "i was already know her" are you sure you're not tipsy? what the heck is cow and befire?
 ok ss oom bdurni rn i'm so durni rn drun k drunk o lo  k3km	 wanna vid call?
 my phones almkos tdyi ng dying but i can call in a bit	 damn feelsbad
 like it got fharge i just gotta chqrve charge	 be careful then, don’t end up drunk and no form of communication!
  the video chat ended. holy fuck i just finished death note it was soooo good wait what part made you stop watching?	 lol
 was it when l died	 i just found mello and near to be a bit too absurd as successors to l especially how ridiculous mello acted sometimes
 but mello was barely important like 2 episodes after l's death i thought near was pretty good holy fuck the ending tho damn my heart rate spiked so hard	 well shit man i didn’t get far enough for mello to not be important any more lol oh yea, kira’s end?
 wait have u watched the ending then?	 yeah, i eventually saw that later but i can’t say i know the whole context and build up to the point lol from the sounds of it did you like death note more than fma?
 ya way better the whole concept of death note is so cool	 hm something about the idea of a young man gaining the power to bend the world in his will and the mind games and struggles that come with it and the people opposing him? somehow when i lay it out like that it would make sense that you would enjoy it
 lmao	 but then again last night you were complaining about not having a gf and being lonely
 more so the concepts of what is justice and what isn't and does justice actually exist (i don't think so) but also ya that concept that u lay out is also cool and even in the absense of justice, is light yagami's philosophy really good or bad? if you cut out his more crazy god ramblings and just focus on the fact he reduced global war and crime by 70% in 5 years	 i mean hilter also produced some good statistics too, but it’s hard to ignore his crazy ramblings lol i think lights results are good, but the ends don’t justify the means
 but hitler created more harm than good to the world as a whole from a utiltarian perspective the ends absolutely do justify the means	 but the world doesn’t only work in one perspective lights intentions of eliminating crime and stuff all align with everyone else’s but the difference is what people are willing to do to achieve that result also didn’t light kill a murder suspect before they were even able to be proved innocent or guilty?
 ya he killed a lot of innocent ppl but not nearly as many guilty ppl	 it’s best not to trade lives, #captainamerica
 ya alright captain that's why he traded ten thousand wakanda lives just so he could try to save vision	 well the clear reasoning for that is that wakandans aren’t americans 🐱
 🐱 also just the conflict between two anonymous people who's only interactions are through the medium of stone cold logic	 oh like how in the beginning light and l could only interact through distant media’s like television and l focusing down where light is
 ya but also way after that when light and l are face to face but they're both still actually interacting only through their backhanded actions and suspicisions also i loved the fact that ryuk's only motivation is boredom it kinda highlights hows how subjective and nonexistence justice and morality is bruh this show is so fucking ogod good	 lol so many themes and topics that line up with you? yeah boredom can be a better motivator than some people may think
 ;alsdkfjlskdjflkasdjofipijaslkdfjkdjofpqowierjoifjoqijwef	 lmao so this kinda means that you're a weeb now amirite?
 no fuck u i just appreciate writing thats good as shit the plot was so complex and logical too oh man oh man oh man this show was so good holy fuck	 so uh, weeb huh? did you hear about how netflix made an adaption of death note? lol the setting changed to seattle, light's a whining teen of the highest caliber, l's a black dude now, and they failed the story
 lmao	 is there anything new on your to watch list now?
 ive gotten a lot of recommendations for code geass but that show looks weeby as shit and i'm not a weeb obviously so why would i watch a weeb show	 code geass season 2 is hella wack it turns the anime dial up 100% there's also a lot of fanservice lol yeah idk if you would enjoy it, it slowly but very noticeable loses any sense of realness over time oh i bet you would like psycho-pass i still need to watch it myself too, but the general premise is that the mc is a new cop in a system called the civil system it's an automatic system that tracks and monitors all the citizens and civilians in the city mentally so it's able to deem people as deviants or not or even potential deviants and its her job along with her partner, a captured deviant who's "useful" enough to be kept alive, to hunt down those deviants and the show calls into questions about the civil system itself, and its loopholes and dangers as well as its few benefits it's also has a kickass opening (well at least the second op is super good) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=irqfrzqptwg it's also got a strictly serious tone, so no goofy anime stuff like code geass or fma
 hmmmmm maybbeee nahhhhh anime takes up so much time	 lol yeh ok man, says the guy who started watching anime when college started, and those animes being 30+ episodes we could have a marathon on those kinda of shows and movies like bladerunner when i come back can't wait to see 2049
 oh ya we have to watch bladerunner the og one too fuck i have so much hw fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck watching anime is so time expensive	 wait, don't tell me you watched death note instead of doing hw lol
 honestly i'm pretty satisfied with death note and i feel like i'll just be dissapointed with other anime bc death note is ltierally right up my alley	 lmao death note is the pinnacle of japanese animation?
 yes basically	 you need to watch cowboy bebop
 ew no too weeby i only watch non weeb shows cuz im not a weeb	 cowboy bebop is _the_ show to get non-weebs to watch an anime also you watch and love avatar the last airbender that's pretty weeby
 no avatar the last airbender is not an anime	 the creators clearly say it's inspired by animes!
 its 100% untainted pure blooded jesus-loving american tv fuck u 🐱	 jesus-loving lmao 🐱 i've noticed mit has made you more frequent words like "bitch" and "fuck" are these indications of undertoned freudian desires?
 lol actually one part that i do remember from yesterday is that your a little fucking bitch roy 🐱	 yeh cuz i'd rather focus on research rn instead of finding a gf :(
 can't be a *fucking* bitch if ur such a fucking bitch ya know	 there's also the moment when you called yourself the sun i'm the sun bitch!
 didn't i say like nuclear reactor or something	 and also when you tried to find your pants, but lost your balance turning around
 lmao did max send u the video	 "i'm the sun bitch! i'm a fusion reaction!"
 oh ya lol	 nah i saw everything real time max held your phone in the same direction lol your speaking pattern is amazing vi-de-o
 fuuuuuuuuuk where are my pants?	 i also like how you're still so considerate when max mention his laptop is there what a good man thinkin' about going on another blind date anytime soon?
 nah i think im just gonna die alone	 don't be a little bitch there's lots of girls out there those babson girls thought you were cute you also called sunning a bitch and then almost called her to tell her so
 ya i heard u were telling me to do it ya little shit	 nah man, max and i just laid out the pros and cons for you in the end it was of you own volition that lead you down the right path young padawan (did i do that star wars thing right) something something fuuuk i hate sand
 nah that was never part of star wars heres a shitmeme jeremy sent me that sums up morality in star wars these are quotes from the movie	 holy shit isn't star wars supposed to be uh good?
 yes its good i swear just not good for debating morality laser swords are super cool also the force is dope	 blocking gunshots with laser swords is a dumb concept and isn't the force just bugs in your blood stream?
 ok maybe they're acutally midicholrians	 how the fuk do bugs in your blood stream give you mind physic powers lol
 shhhhhhhhhhhhhhh	 yeh ok man also, do you think it would be too much to ask dr. hurst if he knows of any connections/ *cough* agility *cough* i could apply to for summer internships and stuff whoa i just walked by one of the strangely specific get togethers i’ve ever seen it was just skinny white guys (obviously not cool chads) and short asian girls like ~8 of each category and they were sitting separately huh apparently it was like a blind date frat/sorority thing maybe one of those guys will get drunk and complain about not having a gf later tonight oh yeah, when do you want to watch the blade runner series?
 nah i don't think it's too much at all it's a completely normal thing to do to ask for recs and stuff also probably over winter break	 oh shi got the rec he even suggested labs and people he has connections with but no mention of agility, maybe i wasn't specific enough or they're just not looking for interns rn lol even suggested ihmc, so that's hype af
 nice! did he connect u with specific ppl?	 no lol he just hinted that he knows people and he's willing to write apparently he did something like this when he was an undergrad at cmu
 oh nicr ok that's good then is this for next summer?	 where he spent a summer at the mit leg lab right before it closed up (i think by that time marc raibert left for bd for a while and gill pratt was directing it) i had to pretend i didn't know that when he told me, trying to hide my stalker knowledge on people in the field 🐱 yeah, aiming it to be can't wait to get rejected and or ignored by every other lab out there and or company how's it going over there?
 pretty good i think i decided on not going to russia i just had a phone interview today which i think went really well i'm waiting on the results of that that's the 2nd stage of interviews so if i pass i'll be going in for a 3 hr in person interview	 dayumnnn congrats!!! which place is this? and huh, why not russia? what made ya change your mind on that
 i would be able to do research and also more things on campus i feel like i will do an abroad program sometime tho also r u voting? calling all my democracy📈🗳loving dick suckers🍆💦👅👅👅there’s only 1 day 😩👻 til ⬆️erection⬆️ day💯🙎🏼💁🏼♂️and we finna pop🍒🍒this political🇺🇸pussy😩💦and ride🏇this vote raw😩😩👅👅 shoutout👏👂🏻to all my constitutional📜c*nts💃🏻💃🏻💃🏻💍💯who ready for that new💍new💎👑send this to🔟of your raunchiest💃🏻registered📝🗳ratchets🔥🍌or say boy👋bye to the👅👅dicklaration🇺🇸🍆of independence✍️if you get👆🏻zero👆🏻back you an🗓⚖️election ass💦🍑eater😩if you get🔥five🔥back, u castin big booty🍑🍑ballots, && if you get🍆ten🍆back 👯🙏🏻💯we all gettin that erection🇺🇸day🇺🇸dick ⚖️💯🍆🔥💦👅😩	 voting? oh is that what everyone's talking about? hmm what's that? so you can do more what? research?!
 lol	 what do you think this means "it's certainly fine to reach out to any place. they're not going to take away your birthday. "
 uh	 and i have no idea how to vote when i'm on the west coast
 context? did u not register for an absentee ballot well i guess u had to vote like a week ago lol	 lmao i'm part of the problem of democracy i was asking dr. hurst about research/places to apply to over the summer and i asked if it was alright to apply to places like ghost robotics, which are technically competitors and that was his response lol
 well at least you know ur birthday is safe	 yeah i suppose lol btw what did your shortened resume look like?
 wdym shortened resume_9-25-2018_technical.pdf thats my most up to date resume that i'm using	 holy, your resume and even its base core of contents and what you’ve done is way better than mine
 lol theres no such thing as better	 idk man, you have way more experience than me i doubt any company cares about my shitty personal projects oh god i’m having a sam moment and i haven’t even started applying yet
 nah man i just experience thats easier to capture in one line on a one page document you just gotta be creative in how you express your level of expertise and companies do care about personal projects, even if its a bit sketchy as long as you can justify it later on in an interview ur all set	 i can’t talk about what i’ve done with the contractors or the lab since it’s all confidential lmao fuk
 well you can still what skills  u develped or used during those projects *still talk about	 i suppose so, we’ll have to see i suppose i’m just riding on hursts name rn technically when applying since i don’t think i stand out that much argh, how does sam get out of these self doubt moments
 hmm i mean you're working in a grad student lab, that's already really good	 there are people who’ve done that since high school i’m not even understanding this paper one of the phds recommended to me rn my controller just broke, i’m lost on research without the grads around is this what i get for not voting
 ok none of the means anything tho in this context bc were talking about a resume	 oh yeh
 your background experience is definitely impressive for a freshman, that's already a fact. you just need to package it in the right way	 i’m pretty sure i’m just technically a volunteer here in the lab too
 well ask someone what youre official title is	 since i came in randomly one day, sat in a desk and started research without contacting the student programs
 if its ambiguous u can just use "researcher" bc that applies to literally anything but i would check in with one of the grad students about what you should put yourself as	 “volunteer researcher” i guess
 ya that works too	 yeh true
 just don't put "volunteer"	 idk why i suddenly had a freak out moment
 lol sam and i were literally talking about how we're the two bitch bois and all the bitching eminate from us and are absorbed by you and sarah. and then occasionally sarah emanates her bitching and is absorbed by the three of us. meaning you are the ultimate absorber of all three of our bitchingness meaning if you start bitching it becomes a positive feedback loop of bitching	 lol what the that sounds dangerous
 lol but ya you have nothing to worry about, you're definitely experienced enough for any of these jobs ur applying for u just gotta be a better sales person for yourself let me handle the business side 🐱	 🐱 lol thanks man i owe ya a lot you’re better at soothing people than you might think
 lol i feel like thats not true maybe its just cuz i know you well enough but in general i'm pretty shit	 yeah i suppose that is a big and important factor also apparently according to the grads i’m an undergraduate researcher no need for volunteer and whatever since i’m an undergrad, doing research 🐱
 ye there we go	 also i think matlab is a better language than python now lol i mean at least it has proper for loops and not freaking “in range” like wtf using that many keywords
 wtf range is so useful python for loops are so useful	 i think python just doesn’t understand that less characters/symbols used per line != more readable code 😤😤😤 welp, just finished making a shit one page resume
 its probably not shit	 the skeleton in terms of the order of stuff is kinda similar to yours now that i look at it again... resume.pdf lol, what the heck, try to open it as a jpeg fuk, the meme is ruined, i didn't expect it to actually register as a .pdf fucking windows
 it doens't open	 yeah, cuz windows rebranded it as .pdf even though i wanted the tag to be ambiguous it was just a picture of what they don’t teach you in harvard business school and what they do teach you this is my actual resume (i haven’t taken another proof read yet)
 lmao	 short resume.pdf
 ya it looks good except the fonts don't all match up	 lmao fuk time to change it to ubuntu and call it a day
 oh also the standard format for the description of positions is to start off with an action word instead of it being sentences	 da fuk is this convention like, booz allen-tom cruised my way through work, breaking my spirit and doing nothing he’s an action star right
 so for example:

"i participate and aid in any research that is currently being conducted. i have programmed simulations on reduced order models of theories of legged locomotion, such as the slip model and implemented some controllers."

would be broken down into two bullets:

- programmed simulations on reduced order models of theories of locomotion, such as the slip model
- implemented controllers _________ or something like that	 aw shit, but doesn’t that take up more lines? with the format i’m using i’m already at the limit some of the spacing are actually just a new line but at 5 font size lol
 no i think itll be about the same its less words you ahve to play with the wording so you can be as close to a full line as possible for each bullet	 is this what graphic designers do all day? do you think it would be humorous enough to add “helped make halloween costume” under the research part?
 lol	 don’t like how goddamn bland my resume is rn no character
 probably wouldn't do that	 aw man fucking corporate life ruining the fun
 resume ppl are not expecting to get anything about personality when doing resume scans you can mention it in your interview tho	 what if the resume ppl are all small startups
 then its up to you	 hebi robotics is still like ten dudes from the same lab what’s the worst that could happen i wonder do you think the color of a resume will effect how it’s perceived
 mm probably subconciously i think the characteristic most affected would be like proffessionalism its a little less stringent for tech companies but as long as you're not flashing neon cyan or smthn i prefer colors that are darker bc it looks more professional imo, so dark reds, brown, different shades of grey oh and i avoid white text i think your blue was fine, tho it could be a bit darker, i personally think dark red looks better on a resume but thats just personal preference oh i would maybe change your header tho, i feel like the white text on a blue background looks wierd	 whattt white text on blue background is stylish as fuk wait, what would you personally change it to?
 lol idk i mean i personally like my resume format but that's cuz its purely a personal preference i think white text doesn't look that good but that's just me also https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=janaps0p4z8 casually explained is fucking hilarious	 lol damn that 3rd world country bit in the end
 i'm shooting my first gun today lol	 wait wut you’re also a republican now????
 ya i shot two libs today nah my pe is pistol today was shooting day	 wait wut i thought your pe was just health class and damn that’s a badass pe class, just standing and shooting
 that's for half a sem	 🐱 is it subtle racism if i don't care for ancient jewish art as much as greco-roman, etc.? 🤔
 lol no what even is ancient jewish art	 greek with red-figure decorations, so probably high classical or hellenistic period:  ancient jewish art (which came hundreds of years after greek): 
 lmao wtf https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnfztdyfxqq this is stuck in my head one of my fav tame impala songs covered by arctic monkeys 😍	 "i got my hopes up again, oh no... not again.
feels like we only go backwards darling." u ok bro? who's tame impala?
 lol ya i'm ok, i just think its a cool song tame impala is a australian psychedelic rock band this the og: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wycjnccgues	 wut, you're into psych rock? i thought you didn't like bands like ceramic animals
 wut ceramic animals is good actually most tame impala songs sound kinda the same but there are a few i really like	 oh yup, that's definitely psych rock well acid trips can only be so different amirite oh wait a sec waht are you doin' up so late again
 psetting i had a busy weekend of not psetting lol	 ahhh makes sense i can feel that
 i've also started listening to the strokes a lot	 bruh, why you on my wavelength rn
 they're an interesting band that apparnetly alex turner got inspiration from	 get off mah lambda
 oh lol yoooo	 i had no idea that the strokes were older than alex turner though feel like turner has a more "mature" sounding voice
 ya he does but i he was partly inspired by the strokes to start am	 ah yeh i can see where that comes from
 also the first line of their new album is "i just wanted to be one of the strokes, now look at the mess you made me make" lol	 lmao i feel like the strokes has more energy in general in their music compared to how a lot of turner's music turned into i've been rather into yolo from the strokes rn
 hmm idk about that bruh bruh bruh bruh	 whoa what the fuk
 lmao holy shit this is one fat lambda	 i'm also on windows rn too linux side burns up my computer rn for some reason
 rip lol	 yeh, either the velocity of this wave is super big or the frequency is super small rn
 ew physics but ya yolo is such a good song	 apparently the physics department here isn't that great, and if the teaching is any indication, whooo boi
 oh rip is it worse than carlson also i remember i showed you a song by the strokes back in the summer and u didn't like reptilia	 ye, my prof literally spent a whole lecture watching doppler effect videos and kinda just expected the kids to know the concept behind it yeah, now i have reptilia in my playlist lol
 heheeeeeee reptilia is so good and damn ya that's like carlson	 only problem is since we're on a quarter system the content gets swept by the speed at this point i'm just learning how to utilize the formulas, i would have a hard time deriving the formulas from pure scratch smh i'm also learning that lack of social interaction may really affect one's mental state
 ya dudde u should really get out and do social things join a frat so u can be forced to be social	 i haven't seen direct sunlight in two days veterans weekend closed up the lab, so i've had no reason to go outside during the day the moment i knew that i was having a problem was when my neighbor and her friends were in the kitchen/dining room eating some desserts they made i walked by to cook some ramen since i didn't want to go outside to the dining hall that's next to my dorm she calls my name i heard it, but didn't respond like i knew i heard it, but it's not like i choose to ignore it, i just didn't even realize to respond until she keeps calling and i happen to walk by and see asks if i want some cupcakes takes a while for me to realize she was talking to me and i say no and go back to staring at the microwave katie walks, in tries to start a convo, i just keep going uh huh and really? eat a bite of ramen, throw it away, go out to skate, come back and pass by enya again, don't say anything, except for a delayed wave what's happening to my social skills i'm regressing 🐱 k, back to practice problems i've also been way more into art history in my own freetime now than usual
 🐱 bruh that's actually concerning	 didn't stan lee pass away yesterday?
 i think u really need to add some social commitments man	 i mean, i can still function in the lab, interacting with them hasn't really taken a hit fuk, i just thought that lmao ye you right time to join the asian club or something have you had issues in which you suddenly have moments of existential realizations/moments almost daily? eh, as the stoics say, nvm fuck it i'm sleeping it off g'night my man!
 shit dude sorry ya sleep is a good idea	 da fuk you sorry for i was just ranting lol
 and ya i also have existential realizations like every day lol i think it's a transition college thing	 oh i did want your opinion on one thing i noticed last week in my ece class the ece class is supposed to be like intro in the purest sense of the word and the prof was talking about wages he types in ece wage google pops up with early childhood education wage and it’s like 33k or something low and everyone, even the prof starts making fun of it and for some reason that really irked me like what’s wrong with you people, that’s actually someone’s passion and profession
 ya..	 idk, that just left a very bad taste in my mouth around for a while probs also doesn’t help motivate me to get to know the other undergrads
 i mean i guess it's very common, it's the same thing as every instance of someone feeling better about themselves due to their current socioeconomic standings especially since engineering takes so much work in terms of time and school, ppl r probably more inclined to talk about the fruits of the labor, namely wages	 yeah, but that’s what bothers me so much here with the undergrads in engineering i’ve been around every single one i’ve met and even the ppl who come in to give talks and shit are all about landing a good paying job where’s the pride in your artistry and work rather than your wage it’s also interesting to see that outside of the lab/robo institute ppl aren’t very proud of their own school/looks down on themselves like numerous times i’ve heard people talk about how they’re not good enough for places like stanford so why even try lmao holy fuck, how come i’ve been ranting so much lately this is pussy shit 🐱
 i mean osu is still a state school so they probably catch a lot of the ppl who didn't really have a major interest in hs and are mainly looking at careers as ways to make money	 yeah, that’s very true i think it’s more of a problem of _me_ since i don’t want to talk about video games or sports or other happenings like that
 ye...	 time to learn football
 hmm i think u just gotta find that one other person who shares it mindset and u guys can squad up *ur but to do that u need to be social or at least step outside ur room	 or i can keep on banking on the lab for emotional support and just keep slowly breaking down every time i’m outside of it
 🐱 lol no roy	 i notice i rant mainly on the weekends when i’m out of the lab for long periods of time
 ok i gtg sleep cuz it's 4:40	 fuk damn sorry sorry forgot about the time zone difference there for a sec gnight!
 npnp i'm alive now tell me about ur existential dread	 lol nah i think it was just angst didn’t get enough exercise and tylenol why/what kinda existential dread do you go through daily? oh yeh do you have the time to look at one of the shittiest cv’s out there? wait a sec, do you think timing or minute quality is more important?
 wdym	 for a small startup looking for interns would it be more advantageous if the potential intern submitted their app sooner
 uh probably? what quality could u add by waiting	 fuk time to submit idk have a pro like you read it over maybe but idk lmao plus you’re busy too
 i can read it over but im not a pro lol ya send it over i can read it rn if u want	 nah it’s alright, you were already working on psets super late last night
 but in terms of actual substance is there anything u can add?	 you must have more urgent work rn
 nah i wanted to take a break from studying anyways	 idk, they’re an actuator company you’re too good for me
 no homo 🐱	 no homo 🐱 https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pbyaev_fugtz7nfngdmsmcwtifyuvcunkd3dgbgs5fi roy xing 781-960-3202 | xingr@oregonstate.edu | 7 spruce street, winchester, ma 01890 dear hebi robotics, actuators are the heart of robotics and thus hebi robotics’ work enable future robotics. this is especially true in my subfield of legged locomotion, wherein actuators are critical to... also shared with your 1618 email
 done	 oh damn you fast thanks thanks i’ll take a look once i’m out of the lab how can i ever repay thou
 its all good lol	 damn, i think rethink was a prime perfect example of a company relying too much on a specific technology, the series elastic actuator, and refused to change it up probably due to their claim of making the robot “safe” around humans, but then the seas leading to inherent imprecision in a field where precision is key and then universal robotics, their field rival, just went for a solid and reliable robot arm with no fancy add-ons/over advertised promises like ultra friendly/safety/eyes on the robot and geez, trying to fix hardware with software in a business setting like that can’t tell if that was a sloanie or tech statement
 psh i don't see a problem with that they just didn't do the software well enough 🐱	 🐱 do you think i should include my git repo if it's messy af lol oh fuuukk i just sent it 🐱
 🐱 good luck!	 thanks man how're things over there? i notice you haven't been rantin' lately
 ya cuz im dying lol	 oh shit that sounds like a sarah line
 nah ive just been super hosed the past few days	 you stressin'? oohh hey hey, crazy idea one always wants to integrate components together into more natural and efficient forms right like how bd's next gen atlas has 3d printed frames that also act as the pipes for the hydraulics well, if fiberglass springs are very efficient energy storage and release springs and circuits can be made on fiberglass what about fiberglass spring circuits no more need for cable management around the robot
 hmm interesting i feel like the material used would be very different tho for the two use cases even if they're both fiberglass	 yeah that’s very true too bad i know shit about matsci i need to find a matsci person somewhere the power of integrating systems seems so promising, but it seems like it’s limited by funding also there was a poll for roboticist on various topics and for the category of what would most benefit/advance your research:
 lmaoo	 you ever have those moments when you just feel like you haven’t done enough in the day? like today i only spent close to two hours ish (if being generous) and i only finished compiling some data, brief analyzation, and doing some mundane presentations like i finished what i needed to do, but not what i wanted to do
 ya i get that a lot too but its good as long as it drives you to finish those things tomorrow to make tomorrow a more productive day than today was also i recommend notebook scheduling, or scheduling on some other medium, its been helpful for me	 damn that’s really optimistic of ya
 when i just have a pile of work to do, i find i'm not that efficient going through them unless i have solid deadlines for how much time i want to spend on each thing	 lol i used to use the same style of notebook tasks from highschool, but i’ve found it takes too much time so i’ve just been spamming the shit out of my google calendar, filling up that shit
 lmao nice	 yeh idk, sometimes i’m just mad at myself for still only being good enough for the work i’m currently doing and not the work i could be doing yeah, think i’m just gonna sleep early and clock in the lab early gluck with your paper!! and that was really positive advice you gave right there i still think you’re vastly improving overall
 lol thanks ya good night! also just remember to slow down, you're doing fine, you can't be everything you want to be,
before your time although its so romantic on the borderline,
tonight, tonight 	 billy joel, vienna huh so slick btw i think i’m staying over here during the summer or at least that’s the goal now
 ooh nice any plans yet? or just chillin	 continuing the research of jesse after he graduates with his masters i was talking with dr hurst and he was talking about how this is an opportunity for me to actually show my stuff if i go for it idk if i should do that though how are you doing on this fine saturday evenin?
 meh	 really?? what’s going on to elicit such a response?
 meh its complicated dont really wanna talk about it rn im tryna actually stop thinking about it so i can focus on some work i need to finish tonight	 🐱 ic ic in that case
 thanks for asking tho	 https://youtu.be/4feusts21-8 i’ve unironically been listening to this amazing piece of course my boi
 lmao wtf	 hey man, what can i say? it's a catchy tune 🐱
 🐱 https://youtu.be/q3uy2kwod4q	 idk if i wanna watch that lol what’s with all the lils
 its a catchy tune 🐱	 was that a jab at my impeccable music tastes
 no this is actually my jam pleee don do cocaine *eh* cocain ruin yo brain *eh*	 lmao how have ya been my dude i’m guessing you’re also grinding through studies given what lulus been up to
 yup	 fukkk now i really wish i was coming back for thanksgiving
 yesss roy get ur ass over here its not too late	 lo siento i’m stuck here lol it’s ok i just had friendsgiving with the lab turned out brian, one of the masters, was a junior olympian and toured with singers like beyoncé and dj khalid, katy perry, etc etc as the engineer for all the stage and stage effects like flying cube screens that lady gaga can use as a bridge shits crazy
 damn	 hey hey you wanna call? wait, you have midterms right? sorry sorry i’m just in social mode rn
 lol ya sorry i gotta sleep but after tomorrow i'm freeee	 yeee, get that good ol' sleep g'night man!
 nighto wait holy shit happy birthday	 lol wut? thanks!!! though i don’t think it’s my birthday at least it doesn’t say on my calendars we also just blew a fuse in the lab fuk muh data muh code the sims and models oh god why didn’t i push sooner
 oh ripppp wait when is ur bday again	 lol it was nov 15
 oh ripp sorry man	 lol no need to be sorry i even forgot until my calendar reminded me
 how s thanksgiving?	 lots of chinese restaurants lol
 lol wait is campus closed? like our student center and most facilities are all closed yo when dual booting have u run into the issue where the "installation type" window has nothing on it also this song is stuck in my head: https://youtu.be/p1ncvwbtays it's by the voidz which is like julian casablancas side project kinda like last shadow puppets from alex turner	 yeh, i had to go out at night and attempt to find an open restaurant on thanksgiving dinner night holy shit you really are into anime memes now, a true weeb that type missing is probs it reading the drive incorrectly? did you make sure your drive wasn't corrupted? i'll have to take a look at that song damn and now it's in my playlist
 🐱 that's right bitch	 🐱 damn more agressive *aggressive is this your new angle as a frat boi? fuuukkk i can’t believe i haven’t been online for a week shit i think i see a problem now
 ya man what happened lol what were u doing	 i found some strange discoveries in my dynamics calculations and just hunkered down on it it’s also deadweek so i’ve been rushing to finish everything so i can study more, more early
 damn but how did u stay offline for so ling also i just did a factory reset on my windows side lol	 i planned out each half hour of my week last thursday and followed that but i didn’t schedule any socialization beyond lab meetings and talking with the grad students so i simply didn’t touch social media since there was always something else to do oh damn, recovered your files though? but now my art history essay has been pushed back and now all i have are simple homework assignments left so i can probs chill a bit more for tonight and just go over flash cards huh, now i say that schedule planning thing out loud i think i found the problem lol makes me sound like a psychopath loser
 🐱 "chill out a bit and go over flash cards" damn	 🐱 dude i swear the cat emoji keeps changing on different platforms but tbh i ended up getting distracted last night doing flashcards and just read ieee automaton blog posts how have you been doing though? enjoyment level positive?
 ya enjoyment level pretty good except i'm writing an essay at 4:30 due in a few hours :'( meh oh well oh also wanna hear something cool: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rdq5pkcn5g its an early song by the strokes that was eventually turned into yolo basically sounds like a mellow rendition of yolo yo we should call sometime soon i feel like we keep missing eachothers free times lol we can update eachother on life	 holy crap i need to listen to that song and yeh we should, that’s probably my bad finals are here rn and with some other work i’ve been swamped when do you want to call?
 ooh damn u have finals really early when r u free? also when do your finals end	 wednesday then on thursday i have some lab stuff but then i’m free lol sorry that i haven’t been around lately we’re on a ten week cycle here
 lol its all good	 i need to read that emo piece you sent into treehouse 🐱
 lol ya it'll make u wanna put on some black eyeshadow	 and then listen to my chemical romance
 btw u don't care if use our messages as data for an ml side project right its just me fucking around so no one will see them or anything	 lol i feel like if you make a chatbot from data here it’ll become a homophobic slightly racist radical nerd that likes pussy cats too much yeh sure on the condition you show me the final product since i’m curious on what the results will be like what are you doing with it? aight i just came up with my interpretation and response to the article
 lol ya i'm gonna make a roybot it's not gonna be super complex so idk how good the results will be but we'll see	 i swear if it turns out to be a homophobic right-leaning racist and it leaks my reputation is so fuked
 lmao	 how is it gonna work? i think i can kinda get how ml would work for controlling pd targets or something like that for physical systems after learning from the master students but i don't get how it will work for full on languages
 theres a lot of differnet methods the one im playing around with is a seq2seq model. basically the nn takes in a sequence of characters and tries to predict characters that come after	 wait so it doesn't exactly "understand" what it's saying but rather seeing the pattern? so if it sees a pattern of "fuck"
 ya its a completely statistical model theres no language understanding involved anything with actual language understanding involved is complex as fuck and something im still tryna grasp	 it might follow up with "the trans" if given enough data
 lol "the libs" ya	 i wanted to say something more radical, but now i'm afraid of roybot becoming like that nazi microsoft bot the libs is probably a way better follow up lol dayumnnn look at you making language programs already
 lol i'm just tryna understand all the algorithms can be confusing as fuck sometimes	 btw do you know what this means?
 it means "do you like eating dick? i dont" lol	 oh welp shit do you think it's bad that i have a feeling of not wanting to leave now?
 wdym not wanting to leave osu?	 nah the lab like we just had a meeting about an hour ago and it just hit me so hard, the thought of "if i didn't have to go back during winter break i could get so much more work done and attend so many more possible meetings and learn so much more" and a huge sense of wanting to stay i mean it would be pretty easy to "accidentally" miss my flight i already mentioned to the staff that i would be occupying my room during break but then i reactionary feel guilty since i should still see my friends
 i mean and ur family right	 but then the research, the many new horizons at the tips of my fingers and yet just a few mm away to properly grasp
 wait but don't the grad students also go back for break	 some of them are staying partly cuz money's hard and they have nowhere to go man i wish i had that excuse jk jk
 so how many new horizons can u really grasp over winter break	 i hope they get more funding
 if half the lab is gone hurst is probably gone too	 that's true ppl still celebrate christmas next next week though i think there's a meeting that i unfortunately will miss there's so much that can get done in a month at a lab though a whole new direction or discovery for research can be grasped within a month i think i may be getting obsessed i've started to sleep on research papers so when i get up in the morning they'll be the first thing i read which is also a result of sleeping while trying to read some maybe a break is a good idea yeah a break off ankle feet leg dynamics sometimes it's hard to sleep since there's so many things that could be done aw fuck i have a math final in ~2 hours better get back to studying
 bruh lol i don't think you'll be able to get that much done in one month with most ppl gone from the lab and ya i think it's best if you take a break it's never good to be only doing one thing for so long, sometimes u gotta step back	 welp shit that might mess up the data for roybot i wonder how cat emojis show up on the data i can see how hermits can arise from academia now
 lmao actually good question they might completely fuck over my data actually im still waiting for fb to prepare the download file :'(	 lol yeh, this chat must be huge especially with all the shared pictures and videos too finally done with finals just realized how angsty my last rant wast lol i think it's due to my realization of how short 4 years actually is my latest creation i call it lonely meals tallest stack yet 15
 damn nice selfir	 yeh you can tell by the long hair punk rock emo just wanted to be one of the strokes oh ye i can call any time now
 ooh wait gimme like 5 min	 aight
  the video chat ended.	 aha! i think i’ve found it the fundamental question of which i cannot currently answer and thus inflicts upon me insecurities of social life what am i, if not my work
 hmm well you could be anything else besides you're work if you wanted to define yourself that way what about a human being who develops relationships, ages and dies like every human being in existence. anyone can be that, you don't have to be defined by you're work unless you want to also adt: https://mit.universitytickets.com/w/event.aspx?id=939&p=1	 yeah i think i put too much emphasis on what people create lulu says any day might be good but kathryn and friends might go on a specific day
 ya its up to you i think sarah is going on thurday	 oh shit 10 bucks that’s more funding than i have rn 🐱 also i feel like the strokes have such an interesting sound especially newer tracks like oblivious
 oh i haven't listend to their new stuff but ya i feel like its meh or bad at first listen but once you start listening to them more it suddenly gets realy good	 like alcohol?
 also that's why covers on strokes songs sound pretty meh bc the melodies themselves aren't necessarily that good but its just the sound of the song itself lol like alcohol 🐱	 🐱
 dude i've been listening to humbug more recently its the really edgy arctic monkeys album	 is it just me or has the music you’ve been listening to in general become more edgy in the last couple of years
 oh well def in the last few years basically once i got to arctic monkeys	 you’re the most reasonable person i know needed advice to a situation: let’s say someone proposed to make a project one that you’re actually interested in too but you wanna start earlier would it be alright to just dive in ahead of time but of course still share the results
 wait wdym context?	 lorenzo, masters student super cool dude i was already compiling papers and research on the salto robot from berkeley and wanted to try to recreate some of their results in my free time turned out lorenzo and johnny, also a masters student, but in a different lab also wanted to create a monopod i bring up salto to them lorenzo asks if i wanna join in and this endeavor and i say sure but i wanted to immediately try to draw up plans etc. but for example, lorenzo mentioned that he’s gonna take measurements and then send them to johnny to cad up but it might take a while since they’re busy but in my mind, before talking with lorenzo, i wanted to try to finish the linkage system by winter break i guess the tl:dr would be that friends wanna make a project, but i’m being more gunho about it, but don’t wanna express it in fear of seeming overbearing but would it be bad to show up and be like here’s the progress i’ve made
 oh it would be so much better to express that you want to be gunho rather than show up with new progress bc even if you come off overbearing which you probably won't, thats much better than them feeling like they were out of the loop on their own project ppl (pretty much) would always prefer knowing what's going on over not knowing	 yeh that’s true that’s the slightly awkward part too i wanted to recreate it for testing some ground reaction forces stuff but lorenzo wanted to do some controls i’m sure this just stems from me being anxious and overthinking it man how did you become so stable it’s amazing
 lol did you just call me stable dude i also am anxious and overthinkg every little social interaction lol	 comparatively to the rest of us and especially what you were like before i left you seemed a lot more stable esp at our last call
 oh well that's cuz i was just chillin and hanging up lights but ya i think as long as you caommunicate well you can't realy go well *wrong can't go wrng lol	 like your social interactions of breaking it to christina that your standards are too high 💪💪💪💪 hitler was a pretty good communicator and there goes another bad data point for roybot shit
 🐱	 🐱 yeh true, what am i so worried about anyway lorenzo is chill af and he also likes gundam
 ew fucking weebs	 coming from the dude who sent the most recent weeb memes in this chat
 ok well they weren't weeb memes they were multicultural quips	 that’s what a weeb would say
 no fuck you weeb i'm not a weeb your a weeb	 your idea of a perfect moment would be watching sentimental ghibli films with a girl
 ok but isn't the idea of that so warm and fuzzy	 all the anime movies i’ve seen were by myself and 70% chance on the toilet i also don’t want anyone seeing me cry at the end of your name wait shit have you even seen your name? oh dude i just learned another interpretation of abg from sam asian bible girls
 no i haven't seen it but heard it's so good lol fuckinf catholics	 fuck yeah it’s good possibly the best couple movie to watch but i watched it alone in mah bed
 well u know what they say your soul mate was within you all along :')	 yeh fuk dat noise holy shit these stickers are amazing      
 lol wtf	 right?? they’re so bizarre        aren’t they so fucking good rotoscoped motions with a pasted eerie bear face it’s been so long and was my first longboard really that small? fuk my back aches from that flight
 welcome back!	 thanks my man woke up not too long ago how do i buy tickets lol oh shit are all of them actually sold out
 lmao ya thursday at 6 is not sold out	 lmaoo do ya know where i can buy tickets in person?
 ya they sell them on campus	 aight i’ll be there in uh 15-20 min i suppose
 oh lmao wait i could buy one for you if u just pay me back	 aw shit wait do you know if kathryn is around
 no idea i don't talk to her	 shizzz cuz i just remembered she’s keeping an eye out for tickets too
 oh	 it’s aight though i can take a look around
 wdym by keeping an eye out	 i’m here tonight for kiera wait that came out wrong for kiera’s recital
 lol wait who's kathryn	 lulus friend
 who's kiera	 short, asian, from ny kiera is also lulus friend
 oh lol ok i mixed them up	 but she’s also the girl who’s dorm i visited for a snack
 ye	 fuk that also came out wrong
 but it turns out she was the snacc	 i should just stop talking today lol are you also going to the recital?
 what recital	 music chamber thingy
 nope	 fuk dude i woke up thinking i was still on the west coast today ate flaming hot cheetos and almost barfed feels good to be back
 lol wut damn	 it felt “unhealthy” what have i become
 oh wut r u telling me u don't eat absolute trash on the west coast	 at least not the pacific northwest i haven’t ate junk food until i got back
 damn	 aight time to start hunting on campus
 lol they're selling tickets in the student center i'm also currently at the student center	 do you think they have change for 100?
 lol bruh i think they mainly take venmo	 bruh fuk i ain’t got that shit do you think you got change for a hundo from authors daddy
 lol i dont	 jk jk i can ask around the shops i suppose
 you might be able to find it in a store ye	 gonna be balling aw shiz mbta is stopping more than i expected
 don't u miss the red line	 nah it ain’t i’m on the river rn
 tho i feel like piublic transport in the west coast is def worse	 man outside looks great
 yeee	 yeh my goddamn it’s so bad or just inexistent
 the view on the harvard bridge just gets me every time the boston skyline is so nice and serene	 you should watch it with a girl as you two chill to ghibli films on a laptop with warm drinks and blankets
 i stop and just stare for a while everytime i cross the bridge to get absolutely fucked up at my frat	 lmao an even better image
 🐱	 “what a beautiful evening, welp time to get wasted”
 "what a nice view to share with a girl" "welp time to get wasted"	 “with my frat of all dudes”
 :')	 fuk i’m lost already
 did u arrive in kendall?	 yeh i’m at the stanford red sculpture
 wait a second why would u cross the river oh did you come in from north station	 yeh
 ok well if you want to come to the student center you have to walk	 fuk i should’ve brought my board
 that way lol	 lmao bruh
 you're fucking welcome	 hardcore meme right there
 just search up stratton student center on maps tho my arrow is in the right direction if you face the way the picture is facing 🐱	 if i see sang bae kim imma tackle him 🐱 jk the dudes tall lmao thanks dude i would be totally lost without your arrow
 just flash your cassie	 stick up my middle fingers “bipeds are better” *gangsifn
 lol	 a lot less abgs here
 thata cuz no ones selling boba in campus rn	 lmao now if i was a lonely boy in the student center where would i be
 are u here?	 yeh second floor above the computers and printers on the first
 ew why u on the second floor	 there’s an art gallery on the second floor?!?
 damn i just found a banana thats just straight up black	 how are you still alive
 i didn't k banana do dis it looks kinda cool actually i might keep it	 you’re gonna die from fungi lol done with pistol i’m guessing?
 yee	 lulu just left with for yoga now i’m with her buddies in this really nice lounge
 oh nice	 goddamn it’s so nice
 at next?	 nah it’s in the dome idk where it is in relation
 oh is it on the 5th floor	 nah we went down some floors honestly kinda lost
 oh wut wait is it under the big dome or little dome	 there’s a little dome?
 lol	 damn it ain’t loading where you at rn? i swear if that loads and it’s just a crudely drawn hemisphere
 at bc	 ahhh you wanna come over or ya chilling?
 i gotta finish up some work cuz i got two adt rehearsals tonight	 ahhh oh geezus two??
 ya man back to back lol	 i see where your gains come from oh wait does that mean lulu is also going to be practicing?
