u have to give it a different angle	ah shit i lost track of time
we just finished	*planned to go to botball, fuk u atucorr
btw did u tell max and ben and ethan?	noperino
oh. cuz it sounds like they k	sam ernest and bowen know now lol
oh ok so ya	the smart bois they probs figured it out
oh nice	you wanna have scheduled college sesses?
max and ben are just worried	btw i just reorganized my whole drive, j
yways lol do u not want ppl in ur house?	yeh not rn at least
when do u wanna do them	what time u free my man?
o do wednesday night's or tuesday nights	alright sounds good
 planning on reapplying for cmu regular?	i'm going to call them tomorrow if i can
but dietrich! :d	i already emailed them today and they i 
nice	nah, it's harder to transfer to engi or 
woops that was so much worse	bruh
u liked cmu bc of her personality	lol, nice backpedaling, thx man
im so good at comforting ppl	but i'm losing any flow lmao
rite out what u want than restructure it	i actually like weedtown's questions, i 
i should probably get started on that	let's be real here, a 3.9 gpa guy like m
 not weedtown if u don't feel it but mit	you actually want me to apply to mit?
nda understand why some ppl might be mad	hey, how about we make a quick baking bl
final boss meme	truuu
how did u just realize that today	i just had it stuck in my mind that cmu 
oboticists try to force out applications	feelssad man
h i found a new song thats pretty catchy	yeh?
ps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_426riwst8	is it going to have crazy ass lyrics lik
psh not tht crazy	damn, you're really into rock huh?
even a 3.51	that 3.51 was a rich athlete and we know
i i thought mit didn't care abotus ports	division iii school>cares about sports
🐱	maybe this isn't healthy but i was think
 its not like they would be able to tell	i know this will sound really arrogant a
ya sure	i need this shit man, then i'll be off t
ould try to show that more in the essays	thx man, it's good to hear from a close 
 possible lol, i don;t mean to be brutal	nah, it's perfect
h at least 80% and ur have 20 in empathy	but my human side is weak, i can't show 
lmaooo	yeh, i had a similar suspicion so i star
each a person to have a good personality	damnit, so don't say buzzwords likei k
experiences to specific character traits	you fucking genius
🐱	lol and you thought you were too technic
l i still kinda suck at creative writing	you must have some experience though rig
iting as a kid but i was never very good	ahhh
ball toss?	yup yup
ya	i'm just about to start it lol
lemme k if u need anything for the lab	alright, thanks man, let me know if you 
probably on wednesday night tho	ooh, that comes out tomorrow?
yup	alright, i'll buy you some cold ones
 about it rn tho i feel like i should be	those lines sound very similar to what i
:')	also that feel when you're "too cookie c
if u put a random race on ur app	our names kind of give it away though lo
jk i just made that up	and if they call you out then you can pl
"this is.. this is sexual harassment!"	"i"m not exotic"
re valid, in favor of affirmative action	like wut
same	a kid from the projects should get a boo
rmative acion based on income make sense	maybe when we have influence we can advo
ere.thrt.inafrican.am.tst.perfm.1995.pdf	holy shiz, 1995?
nt read the whole thing, just a summary)	what's the sum all 'bout?
thats the results	lol that chart looks hand drawn, that's 
ce, black and white ppl perform the same	has this been replicated though?
gher bc they are stereotypically smarter	after reading a lot of papers on robo cl
eotype threat is a pretty accepted thing	hmmm, not sure how to deal with this new
 results are due to cultural stereotypes	so you're telling me that the liberals a
whole not having ur economy collapse tho	let's hope that autonomy solves that pro
lol that's probably a good idea	i wanted to continue to edit
are you in school today?	ye
?	die
uh	not gonna lie i spent a lot of time just
well o guess everyone's just competitive	they don't release stats on early
fuck	what's wrong?
that sucks	oh
oh no i just read ur msg	i thought you meant something else lol
r u busy rn?	it's all right, it's not the institute t
can i come over?	lol sure i suppose
the school and just finished circuit lab	vara just stopped by too lmao
i'll be walking in like 5 min	kk
 foxy roxy missed a call from you.	y u call meh
got in	:ooooo
holy	congrats!!!!
my parents are calling al the relatives	this better not be an elaborate meme
lmao	alright, heard from max, it's not an ela
yeeeaaaaaaaa	wooohoooooooo
do u k	i know
wait so deferral?	idk
:/	he figured it out by asking other ppl lo
massive cold ones	now he says he's triggered at me for not
i didn't message him or anything before	alright, apparently he's calling you arr
lol	idk lol
so its ok	hmm, enough of this negative petty shit 
i'm still out with the fam	holy crap, that's quite late!
i'm glad to hear it	love ya justin
there less sappy	"you're gonna kickass on these new colle
lol	so are you just gonna do weedtown and mi
ore time to help read over ur essays lol	awww
do u mean in person?	oh ur choice lol either is fine i think
same	wait really
nah it's in arlington	oh wow, that's quite the drive
ng from home that day so i'll get a ride	ahh
cya tomorrow	cya
yo what lunch do u have?	i got second
welp	did you hear?
so did nico barlos	wowow, harvard sure loves winchester
he junior are currently probing everyone	i don't know who that is
i told them	nioce nioce
and stuff	to be fair i also only looked at the leg
nice man	aaron ames is from ut austin
🐱	what'chu doin' my man?
doing the written part of the webassign	lmaoo
nice	let me know if you need anything
this is the ramp one	i also put ff = 0
ok	where u at
ing home to get changed for my interciew	oh man
class of '59 lol	lydia is apparently 30s yrs old lol
lol truuu	you can also ask about his first gf
thanks!	what can i buy with 4 bucks at starbucks
a straw	you coming back for towers?
i just finished the interview	lol
well lemme see after we drop the guy off	awww alright
hey if u come to the sci oly meet ;	lol
no we're actually short	but howwww
how'd it go	went well i think it was like my last on
he didn't really ask me anythng	really???
lol	lol
hopefully	i think jenn is also mad at me now lol
? y	i talked with vara and i told him that s
after what i sent u	wut
ent a rage bubble, then blocked me again	lol alrighty then
se otherwise ur just being such a waste.	wait i didn't mean to do that
yup...	you sacrificed a lot
e. but this def crossed a bunch of lines	sorry lol just saw a good opportunity an
and then this	well he was true to his word
thats just so fucking toxic	you better lawyer up asshole, because i'
lmao	did that help cheer you up?
not viable	:'(
tadaa	u got meh
glad you can always come fix my hardware	<3
bc its unhealthy	it does seem like a toxic relationship
or put friendship first over competition	since when are you toxic lol
thanks <3	i believe he also has a different view o
kinda a bad argument	ngl sounds like what david would say lol
xd	lmaoo
ple points where i've thought about that	it might seem "correct" to try to stay f
gatively impact other ppl besides us two	oh man
eally i just want a working relationship	is that girls feel like when they reject
lololololololol	lol sorry just got a bit too real for me
that's kinda where jen and i are heading	sometimes whatever happens simply happen
true	you've been handling it alright man?
 spending more time out with the boiiiis	da boissssss
how has ur account not been banned lol	i never had an account lol
ok	has vara talked to you again?
*gif	took some googling
rip butterbot :'(	envy is an ugly creature
h u might even be able to come if u want	lmao perhaps
u can decide tomorrow	alrighty
i told her about it	is she one the bois now lol
aw i shoulda shown it to her	one day it'll be legit
yea boi	dun mean to bother you but vara just sho
 been getting more close with these days	<3
 vara just messaged me "we need to talk"	if you want context he heard about all t
🐱	perhaps if i just shut down this phone i
let's do it	are u at the school rn? i just woke up l
nope lol	i feel
damn really	yeh man dat shiz' hella cash
nice	nvm i'm walking straight to stop n shop 
oh ok	7819603202
im getting an upgraded laptop	:0
and touch screen	ew
and better display	touch screen
ty/pdp/spd/xps-13-9360-laptop/dncwtr753h	wait idk how compatible 16.043 lts unity
also has better display	when u getting this bby
they're still shipping it	holy shit 1500?!
for the same price :d	lol
nd uninstaleld and reinstaled some stuff	dayumnnn
y over the phone even when hes not lmaoo	lolll
need lots of cold ones to get through it	tru :'(
quality memes	jeezus bruh lol
lol have fun workin out	thx thx
lol i've startd playing smash in econ	training montage
lol get u back later	i just woke up lol
ya if u can that would be great	i'll be done before 3am
we can grin them out	i only did the first one so far lmao
ok	i'm also taking a huge dump rn
ive kinda procastinated until now	tired times?
ya.. twas a bad idea	nah it's fine
doing 3	kk
do u have a class a block?	yup yup
do uw ant to go over them in d block?	dun worry we can finish by this morning
lmao ok	💪
im doing 1 now	you did 1 last??
oost a confidence with an atwood problem	lmaoo
lmao	you're the best at explaining stuff
for m1 to deccelerate from -2.4 m/s to 0	how u find dat
ya	wutttt
no i got it	lol
 just have to use what u got from part a	"did you do it this way or that way?">>
f the 3rd one i don't get why that works	https://web.njit.edu/~gary/111/assets/hw
why did i actually do physics	lmaooo
hmm	i'm not sure what to think for 1b now si
but i feel like what i did makes sense	maybe you broke physics
 u hear the massacre that happened today	?
(except david, he got into columbia!)	nice!!!
tacked on theres a lot of personal drama	more so than what happened with you and 
t jen isn't talkng to me for some reason	she's mad that you apparently let her co
e never even told me what the result was	i don't think you should get hung up on 
oh lol	idk when she got annoyed at me i just we
k to her but idk why she would be pissed	are you really hung up about this?
i guess i shouldn't be	nah, it's alright to be hung up about a 
and shes hostile everytime i talk to her	lol dun worry that kind of stuff is subj
so meh	i don't think i've ever seen you like th
and making me into a little drama fucker	nah it's alright lol
ya.... ugh	btw do you know if the dynamics quiz tom
the wut	bruh
wtf	on dynamics
whats dynamics	lol
is it basically pulley stuff	idk, that's why i was asking u lmao
lol	i feel
especially cuz i hae no clue why	do you want me to ask lol
actually u can	i don't really know jenn _that_ well i w
o u about how idk why jen's so mad at me	btw the quiz tomorrow is on chapters 2 -
what is chapter 5	friction
i think	that's like 4 chapters doe
nical pendulum, and other rotating stuff	btw does your pops think i'm insane for 
lol probabky	is everything cool now with you and vara
him tbh. i think it will be ok next week	maybe jenn also wants a working relation
"carrying laundry"	yeh...
over break i can probably help u	are we going to have grind sess's?
for about 2 hrs lol	g'night!
cya	sweet dreams
a wut	we had to buy an nhs shirt by today
nhs feels like the mafia	yeeee
oh that's nice	or
mmmmmhm what'd i tell ya	not sure if going to the star wars thing
y sick today so i'm flaking for tfa part	i literally did no work yesterday lol
it's worth it :d	lmao thanks
lol r u asleep	doing work
r u coming?	i thought you guys were coming at 9
well it's 16 min before	that's a lot of minutes lol
do u want anything from stop and shop	cold ones of course
here	finally fuking finished filming
nice	got any tips for getting rid of headache
maybe like a cold press with a towel	i read that as
r u using it on ur linux side?	nope windows
hmm thats wierd	yo man, you doin' alright?
well im still sick af lol	just makin' sure lol
'd have to do all this hw for english d:	lol
t that's rpobably not good for my throat	yeh, then just don't come to school tomo
wdym by feel like shit	my head is spinning like crazy
so idts	maybe i got a delayed hangover from all 
probaby just sleep tbh	but all dese apps n tests
welp	can't tell if resting or power through i
welp	u mia rn?
ya	not coming to botball?
nope	ahh ic ic
its soooo wholesome	dat songs old news
oh btw got my new computer	niceeeee
bc they felt bad	staying at home today?
nah i'm in school	yeh this is like the fourth time you tol
tho i'll never use touchscreen	u gunna dualllll
ya ofc	d-d-d-d-d-d-duallll
of crashing	that's just a windows problem
:)	oh god
*gap yeaaaaaarrrr*	are you trying to hardcore meme rn lol
and do u have the video done?	nope doing audio tonight
got rejected by colleges	nah this isn't about collegio
probably cuz his personality was shit	ayyyyyyy
rry about having too may accomplishments	what if they just rejected him to make a
damn ultimate powermove	i wonder what they are looking for
y traits, or else they won't really care	tell a story yup yup yup
r food blogging about chickens in french	oh god the memes
:'(	just run your own bakery
cuz they're looking for different things	yeh
meming so hard rn lol	it hurts and soothes at the same time
lemme k if u need anything	<3
r u still under for hours	nope
wait chakladar cooks?	bruh
ought there are professional ppl to cook	also wanna tutor muraco kids? it'll fill
 already filled all my tuoring and hours	even for graduation?
wait how much for graduation	i think 30?
well shit	lmao
are the soup kitchens always wednesday?	monthly
robably do more volunteering after jan 2	so you're up for soup kitchen tomorrow? 
what time?	4:30 - 6:30
where's the soup kitchen?	fuck if i know
if someone drops out	c'monnnn
lol ok how do i sign up	you can take my spot if you want
uh no it's ok	bring some food back to me pls
u should gooo	come with meh pls
maybe next month	:'(
and part of the 2nd	alright
do they take long	nah
so	🐱
🐱	we gotta put in the additional info that
"girl in stem"*jizzes uncontrolably*	lmaooo
ield. there are plenty of unemployed men	hot dayumn
yo roy can i put smthn in ur house	🐱
ru at the school?	i'm at 🏡
just curious	did you want to come over or something l
but i got picked up so	lol
be for me to maintain an a- in the class	you wanna do my oc hw?
nah	it'll help you get rid of your senioriti
gotta write my college apps	i'm trying to help you
n't wanna do this fricking englihs essay	🐱
fuck i shoulda taken drama	it's an amazing class
yup	danggg
ya for mit but haven't started stanford	you gots any time any time soon for a ma
🐱	dear god
16	16.04.3 lts?
and ya	the different flavors are just used spec
ah ic	it's like trying anal
eight or pretty compatable with packages	you don't know until you try it
u might want to get to first base first	yeh
oh i thought it was eye contact	eye contact during anal
preferably not in the gutters	apparently there was this one girl in he
being killed or him killing someone else	how could the internet lie to me so
 "shakespeare describes hamlet's murder"	doesn't that just depends on context the
oh ok	btw if you say "her anal" does that mean
anal isn't a verb u dingus	no it is
 either an adjective or a contrived noun	i anal, you anal, we all anal
i think ur prnouncing it wrong	"siri, do you do anal"
roy get back to work	"i'm sorry, i'm afraid i don't have an a
ok i need to get back to work too	that could be the mouth
stop	🐱
can't even do anal	this is getting more and more weird
roy ur really wierd	i wasn't the one who turned it into fuck
 we don't have a meme nickname for umich	congrats!!!
h no school is too wholesome to be memed	we don't really meme buzz we meme other 
ppl just seemed normal lol	"normal"
eryone's doing projects in the basements	ouch
that they use for promotional videos	lmao
lol	i noticed that the mit maker videos that
ya well that makes sense	some or rather a lot of the ones that go
only judge u on those main idea snippets	"french food blogging"
orget she also went to vietnam sometimes	main ideas :')
'm just chilling at the school for a bit	haaaa
lmao	do you have a good mic that i may borrow
when do u need it by	probs this weekend
sure	i also think my marth can beat your ichi
fake news	https://docs.google.com/document/d/14ijc
have u started doing any of it yet?	i scrapped the old vid
lol it's not done i was interruptes	lmao
ol i'll finish the feedback after school	i just went back home
oh nice	you just hanging out at the school?
talking to petty rn	feel free to drop by so i can wreck your
u ok with doing helicopters for sci oly?	do i really have a choice? ;)
lol the rest of us suck	nah, that's not it lol
u just have to kinda talk about it	wait, we're just introing?
or are u *scaaarreed*	maybe after i finish writing some code f
(pussssssyyyy)	ok i'm done
st go finished making quizbowl questions	you can if you want
ok	wait, you don't think the script has an 
arc for urself	you mean stuff like the journey of makin
which is not super emphasized	i already kind of talked about that in t
how dem apps going	unmotivated lol
sammmmee	wanna try to have a college grind sess t
:/	lol
h ended up going to much better colleges	yeh i suppose so
really made too much progress on my apps	i think i'm done with weedtown now
take the mind off college apps for a day	my fam never does stuff during the holid
oh lol	my folks and i aren't exactly huge on fa
that visit ever	the last time my relatives visited was w
oh	gotta love them drinking sessions
 asians in other towns except winchester	are you going to be ok though? the deadl
ya nothing a little cramming can't solve	"tell us about something that is meaning
from socializing with my family friends)	if i take out that boring sentence im ju
lemme k if ur ready for some editing	you can edit any of them if you feel lik
oh ok so ur essays are all ready?	ready for editing
aven't written anything much for my apps	have you done brainstorming yet man
e some parts written for different ideas	oh yeh did you retract your apps from uc
idk how to do that	ayyy
orror stories of rescinded applicants xd	how can i withdraw my applications after
c barely anyones appying early for gtech	isn't jenn and vara applying to buzz?
whats the room	one sec
ok i'm in	nioce
oh	fuk
fuck yaaa	0-1
6% more damage ;)	im ready
ok we should do stage bans	lets go
hold on	kk
was walking my grandparents to their car	dfuk
fuck	oh wut
this lag	aw yeh
is so laggy	yeh ok man
ng u have to change characters if u lose	weak
im banning dreamland	:'(
can u pick waiting room	oh goddamnit
ew	aw shit what
ok this fucking lag	what stage ban and map you want?
thats also platforms	lol
ok how about pokemon stadium	:'(
no banning pokemon stadium	kk
lol	got it
boom	i call bs
next match doesnt count ok :d	fine fine
boooom	that match didn't count
:d	hey
ok	we still got one more game left
hmm maybe i should stick with isaac	for best of 5
nah i'll go ichigo	wait you won the last game though
true	imma choose a map now
fuck	3-2
y if u average that out its 10 - 3 me ;)	how about we go by games now lol
 up eary tomorrow for more mandatory fun	what is this mandatory fun you're talkin
mily friend visits and parties and stuff	wow lol
ya ikr	:'(
nah just until the 27th	:(
*same	so dual boot collegio sess on the 27th?
th but i can leave the mic in my mailbox	nah nah it's fine
8-1	only the most recent samples have the mo
fuck i cant make puns with ichigo	ichigo in japanese means strawberry i th
richchiggoa	lmao
it will feel more personal	i'm at the limit
oh nvm then	bruh
oh nice nice	this stuff is cringe to watch lol
lol i'm going to see star wars again	again???
my stomach hurts from the smell	lol
 about for yoru challegne essay for mit?	i wrote about growing up
ya sure	you free for a college grind sess tomorr
i can probably if it's later in the day	anytime
ya ik about that but probably not for me	awww
lol wut	*there's grind time prime time in my bed
ya i can probably make it	are you out of town rn?
nah i have a mahacks conference call	is it like a big one?
 team members, and its starting in 5 min	ooh
oh nop	how long will the meeting take?
but tomorrow we can grind	it's never too late into the night
but ya ill come tomorrow	<3
oof roy can u give me some motivation	here watch this
lmao	still need motivation?
but the moment has mostly passed	do you need a gf?
mahacks just stresses me out a lot	🐱
yes	allow me
ya i saw that	what happened at mahacks?
 members are all also doing college apps	i believe this is what is known as "worr
 do anything else to take my mind off it	he isn't even working that hard he's jus
izers for tri-m that can take care of it	neither is sarah either lol
i'm confused as to when whos talking xd	🐱
🐱	there, now you know who's talking
wait	if you're over worrying then take your m
ork and the worrying is justified 😭😭😭😭😭😭	i think you should get some sleep first
hi sam	just go to sleep bruh
i mean roy	🐱
hi roy	did you finish weedtown and mit yet?
:'(	at that point i think it's better to nap
ya true	quality over quantity
i decided to make some memes	fuck you
yes	why u do dis
this was good for my soul ok	tru
lol ya cya tomorrow	what time you wanna grind time prime tim
how about like 7?	yeh sure
these stanford questions are so wierd	coming to my place or mikes place
prbablu ur place	kk let me know when u have an eta
in 15 min	kk
here	dayumn
to come	thanks for the catch on grammar lol
ing about the challenge question for mit	still???
king a break from mit and doing stanford	ahh
d then this' but not really a challeneg"	ahh
 social anxiety it would be more just me	you can't mention mahacks in your portfo
ial anxiety would be a compelling topic?	depends on how you spin it
he more i messed up the better i got lol	isn't that a solution lol
oh	welp shit then i better rewrite my essay
h someone she didn't like for volleyball	i think you should write about what conv
 for social anxiety and see what happens	nice nice
we stay in dvaids basement for gcer prep	not sure
oh shot i hope u feel better	it was from summer vaca start to 2 days 
no it's in my what i did over the summer	but i couldn't really think of a "soluti
lololok	if you need me to read over anything i g
all of them?	nah
 them soon i don't want to give u doubta	you can read them if you want lol
actually probably less tbh	holy shiz
nahhhh i'll be fine	alright man
well it's the final stretch	we got midterms after this burh
i only have 3 midterms	hot dayumn
🐱	🐱
t support the lqbtqia community *accept*	oh tru
or what's penetrating who	hot dayumn
just like college apps	grad school doe
fck	wait are you looking to grad school in t
ually after failing my first 10 startups	don't worry, if i become the cro of some
not suure why it sent 3	triple da pus
 need to go to a good college to succeed	i wonder if i can be like him in that as
ya u should sleep	you know wat, all these bd and agility r
🐱	🐱
from the stanford common dataset	those lying motherfuckers
it and tell me if you thin ktheyre good?	which one are those
community and the where i come from	i meant which essay is it lol, there's s
lol	i think i actually mentioned you in my i
oh lmao	how you seduced me with "robot arm"
🐱	i like the community essay
wait thats no longer part of the essay	bruh
yay	it's probably just me but with all the b
heesy and say "i wanna change the world"	i'm the guy who told josh to fuck off an
yay	i can't think of any other way to say "i
ht. today i was just working on stanford	i just saw the extra hour one
robably not submitting a maker portfolio	"performing their favorite chopin piece 
dude stanford will love that shiz	"oh shit, this guy hits the gym!? not ma
 isn't far enough to really add anything	🐱
and they don't take source code	they don't???? then what the heck did da
d but i don't think thats super exciting	i thought he said he linked them to his 
idk he just wrote about it i guess	what?! just showing the program running 
somewhere they won't look at source code	no wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
o i don't think it will have much effect	how the general public views tech entert
lmao	actually scratch the flappy bird one
do u wanna read her essays?	yeh sure
bc5qz2rllhcu3hhklxx_agu/edit?usp=sharing	hot dayumn, you already have them setup 
and nah they can be my josh	lol
those things are fricking expensive	truuu
wait so di du already submit?	i just submitted olin
lol	just the act of submitting takes a lot l
nice!	you doin' alright man?
and no probably not	kinda just wanna see results come out no
it's almost slacking time	maybe i should've mentioned it was only 
wait what was this for	oh god i'm psyching myself out
t change the admissions decision anyways	tru
and ya i'm doing fine	idk i'm dumb and watched a video about h
u just have to pray to r&njesus	i thought all of them would be more know
ya some schools have 2 readers	and shit i just realized i never sent my
u should do that right now	ehhhhh does it matter that much
weaaakkkk	fuck weedtown those dank ass mofos
 them i guess they will probably trust u	alright i'll send not my ap chem lol
oh lol	i'll just send them i suppose
🐱	why they wanna let collegeboard take all
dude just ask ur parents to pay for it	nah just in general
and there's a section on mit	ik on mit
i mean it's always better to	ughhhhhh
usic silent pursuit mystery train lic...	ayy
oh well	i think we need an algorithm to control 
tho algorithmic bias is also a thing	shhhhh
smh smh smhsmhsmhsmhsmhs	lol
lol	do you know mr. burke's phone #?
should be on ur common app	it's not doe
bruh i'm pretty sure it was required	both his email and his phone are blank o
lol ok	you have his number??
🐱	pls stahp
okee back to college apps	same
nice!	feels strange
did u submit?	lmao
🐱	how you doin'?
 speaking in the additional info section	wow you
poor looks	"oh no i'm the leader of too many things
youth cities	ooohhhh
ly i wish e-sport recruiting was a thing	it's going to be a thing by the time we'
r, well i'm a boss at sandbag soccer :'(	lmao
no	didn't polcari get an l doe
not sure	when mit tries to get their sports up
lol damn	🐱
what happppeend	idk
have u already submitted evyerhting?	not mit, buzz, nor cmu rd
due feb wut	yup
 u read over my challenge essay for mit?	lol sure
s, i too, had grown “bigger and better.”	i like it
hey that parts not readyy yetttt	the ap part seems a bit out of nowhere
erent topics for clarification and stuff	careful doe, they can only spend so much
ah ok	last sentence i meant
 fit love of learning anywhere else lmao	i thought you said that part had. i word
and the learning was like a side thing	i guess the core of what i'm saying is t
ok lol i'll see about fixing that	i guess i'm at that point wondering if i
ya but thats also valuable	instead of doing something more benefact
cumentation instead of just sitting back	it's not about college anymore, i'm star
ya there really isn't meaning	thx man that was super reassuring
ong as u think its meaningful than it is	yeh
elfless drive and both motivate me a lot	i used to think that since life has no m
(unless u want funding)	🐱
🐱	i say all this but i still don't think a
i should to	maybe i'll put this convo up on my wall 
this person sounds pretty scary	that girl sounds like a no no
:o	it says that person stays in a towel for
xd	holy shit
 yes but this guy isn't very respectable	hot damn
lege confidential completely roasted him	did he get in?
it didn't say	damnnnnnn
he was posting his draft	that's quite the roast
erson is like extreme david but creepier	lol
t so funny in how out of place it sounds	i wonder if that person actually wrote f
w how did u format ur mit activity list?	one sec
oh ok	are you close to being done now? conside
ht add a bit more to the additional info	lol
 the rest of mit's app is so restrictive	yeh it really is
i'm putting that as my description.	lol
gotta have that sap	funnily enough, i actually did a similar
wait in ur activity section?	yeh
damn boi 40 words	i gave the shortest summary of botball i
 kinda bad cuz i wrote an essay about it	lol
lmao	lmao
wait what were ur 4?	is that going to be my downfall? :')
paper and papercrafts?	ppr from sophomore year
was that ur internship?	did you know i was in your bio and chem 
i thought u worked for aptima	i made a paper in botball remember, and 
ooh that kind of paper	ppr stands for paper
 what did u put for the hours and weeks?	da fuk is a scholastic distinction
awards / distinctions	oh truuu
the mit application form since 9th grade	that's uh
like 10th grade	wait, how many weeks does sci oly take p
im not obssessed	yeh, that helps your case a lot bruh lol
i said 36	alrighty
for all my clubs	really?? isn't botball a lot more
oh for botball i did 38	we don't do botball for only like 2-ish 
dded 2 weeks for gcer and extra meetings	alright, i'll put 38 too then
in weeks	how about we just settle on 40
had actually counted them before as well	so 36 or 38?
38 for botball	kkkk
escription to feed into my app essay tho	oh, i was going to be a bit more memey
lol ya sure	and talk about making 20 dollar shit in 
cuz of all the basement days lol	lol
it worked for a while until i burned out	lol, maybe i should change how i organiz
 spend just walking or eating or talking	i consider my personal robos as free tim
ya getting audible has been so helpful	i was also estimating with 6 hours of sl
a crazy in jr yr, no wonder i burned out	wat
🐱	are you freaking insane bruh
 2 am, estimating my wakeup time to be 7	bruh
i'm only scheduling up to 1 am now	wow
rnout was the gcer cram sess this yr lol	nope never burned out significantly
how many hours did u put	oh wait
wait wut	i'm saying your summer hours shouldn't g
ah ok	dat feel when you realize all you do rel
thats not a bad thing	"robotics isn't viable"-google
🐱	pressing that submit button is actually 
are u doing it now?	i'll do it tomorrow at 11:58 pm
lmao	alright, all that's left to send is mit.
my additionl info is at 1300 words wtf	lol
i found out when i clicked "save"	oh did, you click the
 still didn't tell me what the limit was	yup
ally not digging mit's website right now	that's either some hard core trolling or
🐱	yeh, it's really strange how their websi
xd i think i'm gonna keep it	you look like a nerd
ting out random words from my paragraphs	really?
the deed is done	congrats!!!!
thx	idk why i'm doing this
are u done with submitting?	still reviewing mit
py bc some schools have 5 or 6 or scales	6?!
it's more about the rest of ur stuff	wait, i actually don't know if our gpa's
wdym	wait, the gpa's they show us on our tran
tion here for your college applications.	welp shiz, should've applied to a 70%+ s
whereas our school has a as 3.7	welp shit, our uw must be pretty low by 
 don't send ur unweighted gpa to schools	you sure?
like remember the meeting with guidance?	yeh you're right
 for survival and no panic will kill you	thx evolution
🐱	"i submitted my common app essay but rea
auto reject	trying to figure out what to do...
drepeds are slightly easier cuz balance?	yeh they are
do u ask	looking for the next thing to make
you'll be fine	i'm not actually sure how to spend the r
y hey wanna write my stanford app for me	holy fucking shit
im doing the last question	alright, i'mma help ya
but i'll let u k when i need editing	i'mma read all dat juicy unedited paragr
i'm not going to school tomorrow ntw	wat
senioritis is hitting so hard	aren't u done doe
the day doing family stuff for new years	wait wat, you didn't submit weedtown?!
it's due tonifht	oh jan 2
woops	bruh
e ashley leaves for chicago, around 3 pm	nice nice
i'll go workout tomorrow instead	bruh
or are u in class rn	i'm working out rn lol
lmao	i typed that while doing push ups
k whenever u have free time just hmu pls	you can send it now
ded my reach 2000 kilometers into space.	imao actuator
e those english majors know what that is	🐱
anything i should change?	the pair of one hands
wdym by expansion	cuz it doesn't directly tie back with th
ok	though i doubt you have the space to exp
but i can cut down on some places	yup yup
e emphasizing how bad my own code is :'(	lol
 it and list abunch of computer language	since you're talking about a professiona
ny languages i know! so many languages!"	🐱
ok anything else?	hmm not really substance wise
not yet	alright i'll just read them all anyway
for my extra hr prompt lmao	what did you do?
lol	wow nerd
 read this and tell me if its too wierd:	that's one of the most wholesome things 
g curiosity and shared love of learning.	this is stanford not stacy dude
rd ppl call themselves the "nerd nation"	typical nerds don't talk about male nipp
holy shit	idk, if that's what you're actually look
oh really	that was my second reason not to mention
wait did she get in to stanford	pretty sure she did
🐱	so there are bounds to be multiple kids 
stion left which is the event in history	did you mention q computing since neithe
" and more what i plan to do at stanford	idk if i was going to be brutally honest
ok	baking
if u have time	kkkkkkkkkk
not yet	bruh lol
i'm trying not to box myself in	i saw the ahmerst admissions video
ross, especially with my activities list	"this girl is a bit too much 'in-the-box
ya i remember that	alright, ms hession said she can write a
nice!	hmm, i kinda liked carlson's doe, eh too
u saw carlson's letter of rec?	nah, but carlson said it turned out well
oh	and plus if what petty said was true abo
that i converted into my new common app	"modern hacker culture encourages flashy
🐱	da heck
rical event with appplications look like	the wright brothers making their airplan
why do u need to see it	you're fascinated with rocks in the shap
dn'tr eally get much from the experience	tell that to me when we see atlas do a f
e up with apple, that i would learn from	jobs: "woz, i'm going to take your machi
🐱	however, everything changed when the fir
lmao	the last episode was from like 2005
ignore that	25 - 13 = 12
 u really think i put that into my essay	nvm, you're over the word limit lol
wow	🐱
ok	lol i see you put highschool as one word
well they're not useless ;)	pls nu
overall	hmm, not really
hmm ok	i personally actually really like the wo
i feel like i wouldn't learn anything	i'm talking about him making an "o" face
l so i should probably stop overthinking	when jobs tells woz about how great it c
did u read all my essays?	yeh i read all of them
ok	are you going to submit after you write 
woops	lol it's alright man
with the activities section	bruh
worded it the best way in a previous app	tru
theyre dumb	or they're just shotgunning as hard as t
nah i don't think it's strange	i have a really hard time wrapping my he
just like u want to work for bd	lol, i wanna learn from them
 can't do that if u don't have money lol	hey hey, fuk u
can probably have a good range of choice	back in da vinci's day you had to be an 
yup	google let go of so many robo places lol
wdym by clumped together into one entity	maybe it's cuz i value the product or cr
🐱	i mean, would you rather make your own c
earned what i wanted from the experience	you know what i meant by stuck lol, just
 find will accomplish my goals, i'm down	so that's why i don't fully understand p
 well some ppl just have different goals	i guess it just boils down to ppl having
🐱	that sad feel when jobs couldn't keep hi
ied his first gf that's really wholesome	and then he fucked eduardo
musks personal life is pretty shitty too	i mean the dude seems to have really str
y ego would still be relatively in check	and you'll still have your bros lol
truu	all the bros but no girls
ld buy infinit cold ones with that moneu	lmao
got a confirm email from all the achools	gotta love awkward confirmation systems
yoyoyo u wanna read before i submit?	lo siento i was asleep lol
im done done done done done done	congrats!
i forgot ur not done	🐱
that's probably a good idea	holy shit i just spent 2 hours on colleg
bruh	how do i stop this
work on some robos?	this is freaking my out lol
watch some porn	i think i'll go study
or that	🐱
its normal thing to do	just like puberty?
🐱	🐱
t i've procrastinated the shit out of it	i feel
^link^	🐱
🐱	r u in school today?
yup	holy shit
defeats the purpose of a skateboard lmao	no it doesn't
who needs workout clothes	bruh lol
i'm in jeans lmao	bruh
i just wore what i was wearing lol	lmaooo
first impressions amirite	buff buddies
yeee	u at the gym rn?
 you called foxy roxy.	sorry :'(
oh waijt r u actually comin	if i finish before like 2 am lol
bruhhh	you had pretty good gains doe
u done with rwdc?	nope
tell everyone i said hi	lol
e just kinda got on the topic of botball	but why didn't jenn and i get informed
wdym?	the post on important info
 officer chat one if you haven't already	nah but it was strange to just have it p
s since way at the start of the yr right	wait why are you typing so much lol
t really come up with anything different	do u think i'm mad or something lol
lol u sounded pretty put off	🐱
l well i'm pretty sure jen is pissed off	plus i trust u guys judgement
about what part?	sorry if i sounded mad lol i'm just real
(this is mainly to jen)	nah she just feels as if she's been put 
botball meetings around her schedule lol	she meant in terms of group making lol
sically stayed the same since months ago	also if i was mad i'd be a lot more seri
chance you'll come to max's house? or no	er it's getting pretty late lol
le if she were on the "experienced team"	ohh
*ya np	i'll have to excuse myself lol
ould u be available for a call tomorrow?	awww
about botball	idk i think i'll be at rwdc again tomorr
so maybe u guys could call together lol	oh ic ic
ya it's kinda sad	yeh...
ggle really show who ur real friends are	it's unfortunate that that's how it tend
r pissed at me before for random reasons	oh then idk
lmao	not gonna lie
lol no	no to cover up or?
no one else knew but i don't really mind	ahh
nope	bruhhh
dude idk why u even joined	i said i could help them if they needed 
said u would help but not be on the team	i'm pretty bad at saying no and thinking
y kid can u help me bury this dead body"	"hey kid if you shoot this guy you can j
oh are u still at rwdc lmao	yes
have fun :d	maybe you and jenn can bond together by 
no im good	alright
nice!	are you sure you don't want to make legg
 what we wanna do for our senior project	ok
🐱	drones are boring though josh
🐱	founds like some liberal bullshit to me
actually an ai drone would b super cool	what would it do though
pterydactyls	drones aren't exactly the best platform 
hen land robots for mapping environments	slam'ing on a drone is extremely hard rn
cking and then object avoidance might do	then i'm sure a camera, imu, and several
well the target might not be in view	yeh tru, what would the drone do when th
rdwarey bc this would be mainly software	this may sound like quite the twist
 the scalibility for a longer-term thing	did you just talk business
ty much impossible with cots electronics	hold on, i need you to translate that in
there ya go	i mean wearable ai i think is still poss
he magic of online text to bin converter	but the ai part will have to very good i
ho, but we should keep thinking of ideas	i wanna be cfo
can add to it when we think of something	🐱
🐱	yeh sure
ok sweet'	btw, have you seen jibo?
the home robot with the face?	yup yup
ya	the hardware was all there but the softw
qelp	yeh, i feel like if the software was mor
his movement is pretty cool tho	what does lma mean?
*lmao	oh lol
d application, for a niche customer base	or like
true	coming up with ideas is harder than i th
i have the whole folder shared with u	alright, done with my first drafts of my
wpi?	and umich
nice. ru ready for editing?	yup yup
what physics work	lab due wed
free resp. counter	hefty amount of stuff lol
i didnt' k dis	didn't he tell you in class?
legged helicopter	perfect
? lol	you working out????
. i'm about to go to my appointment soon	you getting mad calves?
nah thighs are where it's at	you into thighs?
noiiice	you got an eta?
probably 7:30 to 8	lol hot dayumn
he's a 50 yr old man dude	ahh
🐱	🐱
can u give me the question?	nvm, the internet gave me a solid answer
t me and she said i can't go to ur house	🐱
what time tomorrow?	idk
if u guys are still working on mousetrap	we also need to make up some data logs l
p with helicopters after e club tomorrow	ben and i ran out of time lol
there are a few in the box lol	i slipped in the shower, i used some shi
also do u still need the lab?	no update from boston dynamics
the lab?	wowow, you have yet another addition to 
wait wut	vara msgd in the chat that apparently jo
idk	me popular
really? why not	ben and i worked on mousetrap until nine
 fight with my mom after the doctors lol	wow this sticker thing is so stupid it's
and she refused to drive me to ur house	u doing alright? parent fights are never
so idk how that works	ur mom believes in green injection gmos?
🐱	wait u got into an argument with ur moth
i get sick with the flu like every yr xd	wat, you don't get the flu vaccine
rgue with her thats important i get them	well i guess you can maybe develop a gre
 these doctors don't k what their doing"	wait yeh, when u get laid in ur first we
ya i guess	alright so the goal is to be done with m
 wants to help with build events too btw	but then i'll have to shift gear to scho
ya that's fine	wow you're pretty serious about working 
🐱	"wow my son is finally a man"
u can just do hw until we arrive to help	how do you feel about the possibility th
ya	mind if i join for a bit
oh ok	when you think you're going to be done?
probably 4:30	eta?
so like 5 min for me	kk
i can get us a six pack of cold ones	lmao sure
 foxy roxy missed a call from you.	 you missed a call from foxy roxy.
n lol sorry i got caught up in something	you picking up girls?
 you called foxy roxy.	https://www.amazon.com/victor-metal-peda
 check that mousetrap is all set to run?	no keys
 we gonna get the mousetrap after school	mothers going to be back after school si
your hot glue gun and string to the meet	idk about the whole spool of string but 
🐱	🐱
have u done the stretch problems	i'm going to pass them in later lol
wdym later?	shoulderin' this as a drop
welp	like passin' it in on tuesday
i just don't k that theiyre right	all of them but 36 are on the internet i
i've only done 36 so far lol	ayyy
lol it's ok i'll send i answers	you're too good for me
lol u ok?	i've been trying to grind w/o breaks to 
whats keepin u so busy/	calc test, physics mc, drama line memori
lol	:o
wking/courses/phys101_w07/notes/rec5.pdf	damn boi
applications	i'm so good at that
u got me on some web assigns	if we ever work at the same company, i p
 foxy roxy missed a call from you.	ah shit
game board is out btw	this is quite the board this year
theres multipliers everywhere	"if ateam member is sitting in the audi
anding and we weren't in the audience so	we should ask that at the workshop
defered from georgia tech wooooooohooo	holy shit what
buzz doenst want me :'(	damn, buzz is brutal
application but my mom didn't want me to	that's interesting that buzz said no tho
ur in college boi	i submitted on jan 1st and they got back
damnnn	yeh, it was way quicker than i expected
🐱	can you go to max's?
so have a lot of shit to catch up on lol	yeh i feel
lol u k it's not gonna be an hr	i'll set an alarm for myself lol
kinda like baymax	lmao
welp what hapoened	college apps lol
ayyy	i know i shouldn't have done this
o all the parts are at your house right?	what do you mean by "all" since i think 
besides the towers stuff	then i think so
that's fine	do want me to clean it lol?
lol if u can that would be good	i got'chu
lol no	in drama sometimes we have improv days i
lmaoo	lmaoooooo
lol but its all inside jokes	you can get everyone in on the jokes
lol	how creepy would it be if i tried to sne
'm sure hes gotten wierdos like u before	how bad would it be if i showed up under
eaking into his lab and he let them stay	lol
ge their career on legged robots amirite	he and his team really embodies the idea
woops	i'm actually quite impressed by what jh 
is the most fertile ground for robotics	yeh
nursery products, and food processing. "	i personally have done no research about
🐱	maybe he's up there since he's creating 
g society right now and we wouldn't k it	nah, we would
🐱	i mean that's some roboticists dream, ma
those robots more sculptures than robots	(small tangent, can we call all crappy t
lol sure	idt they would count as sculptures thoug
its like pygmalion to the extreme	i think as we get closer to more lifelik
 robot cuz no one is able to do that yet	wait, it's possible to fully clone a hum
be the same with a sheep as with a human	would you be ok with a clone person?
like in general or a clone of me	in general
l you guys meme some really random stuff	yeh
lol hey i only meme legged robotics	are you feeling alright?
*meetup	oh, i was worried that you felt bad from
🐱	ooh, idk about max, but i've actually ne
or a 10 pt scale	thinking about it more i suppose so
's better if we tone that down a bit lol	wait, we didn't get the same amount of d
like we were suppose to	hmm, i do agree with the memeage toning 
🐱	is that strat in the notes?
wdym	is the new strat stuff after i left reco
ust max and i talking after we presented	"robots:thiccbot - "
cuz it's going for thicc butters	ok, i see how severe the memeage truly w
m is gonna work when we interact with it	i honestly suspect that a lot of strats 
proofs of concept for each of our robots	or failure of concept amirite :')
:'(	i feel like we're underestimating the ye
re and then you'll k which regions which	do we know if the there's a position of 
well we only need to get 2 in frame	and then we also have to be warry of the
with both robots	oh wait, we aren't just letting the crat
 bot is doing the same camera work still	you know what would make this easier and
ould probably talk to ppl at this meetup	yeh, that's why you're there huh haha
there would be more tech than social :')	:')
theres a table full of budlight lmao	they ain't gonna be checkin' your id
does the lab take long?	nah, not really
japanese dudes r intense	what the fuk
is that ur goal?	there was already the guy making mini hu
at topics are covered in chapters 1 - 5?	bruh lol
but i got bubble tea so it's ok	wasn't too informative?
i was hoping to network for mahacks	damn dude, you're quite persistent
🐱	lmaooooo
lmao yes wdym is that a lot	i could spend that kind of money in an h
2.5 billion = 2500 atlases	which ver?
🐱	🐱
💪	💪
at's why the other net worth aren't huge	wait, what's the point of net worth actu
ard metric u can measure ppl s wealth by	is that how rich ppl do dick measuring c
it's like gpa	ok, dick measuring contests
what other ppl s net worth are	what if that's what the big business lif
🐱	wait a sec
jk	when is robotics actually going to break
rn it's just too expensive	i actually wonder what the key is
so many situations to actually be useful	legged locomotion allows robots to adapt
h the tech but i would say when we're 40	i would say 40 for when we get to see th
they really slaves if their not sentient	slave: "a device, or part of one, direct
 can call ur phone a slave by definition	in that case, i would say no
ok ya	i recall you having an interesting convo
domestication immoral bc dogs are slaves	oh, i was referring to higher lvl sentie
 down to the botball room if u have time	what's going on??
wdym	i forgot to stock up :'(
for the long snow day ahead	if there is one announced first thing i'
ely i'm far from the cold one supply :'(	:'(
oh shit was the lab due today	jeezus man lol
what should i know?	bruh
 just k the equations and basic concepts	then you should be ok?
oh so it took a long time?	some kids didn't finish mc
how long did u study for	maybe a couple hours total?
i haven't started	and that's what i fell asleep and woke u
 really banking on that snowday tomorrow	judith isn't announcing until the mornin
smhhhh	i think i figured out how the servo conf
bruh	what's a good material i can use to buil
i owe u again	nah nah
<3	<3
and send me a pic of ur notes lol	bruhhhhh
well i just need chapter 3 and onwards	so like have the notes
ya	this is going to be a lot of papers
are they all online?	no, i don't think so lol
wait whats the speed formula	this:
no but like what is it used for	its the speed a car on a banked friction
lol ok thankks	i think that's the only formula you need
g me lol if this is gonna be on the test	don't worry about that one lol
did u finish the webassign?	lmaooo
i lost those somewhere lol	bruh lol
how much circular motion is there	lo siento i was doing drama
i bombed that test	d:
d:	where u at
invitational r tomorrow man	where u at rn
i need to start my physics lab now lol	did i share that with you?
thanks	anytime
we just did mission possible	lmaooo
 foxy roxy missed a call from you.	https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_conti
 you called foxy roxy.	here now?
 you called foxy roxy.	damn damian be sippin'
not surprised	did you already order your cap n' gown s
oh shit	somebody might've accidently used my stu
u should probably get that checked	i just msg'd president bacon
wdym	ppl are asking if i can help with their 
i mean u can say no if u want	what the fuck is this "no" you speak of
🐱	what do you think about smart clothes
rt clothes is rich professional athletes	what about a kind of clothing that isn't
think u can do that easily with a jacket	it'll look like fucking magic when you j
is pretty much all biometrics and health	who cares about that, the weight room is
t think it should be woven into clothing	there has been a tech made a while back 
isn't it the projector bracelet thing?	nah nah
like what is it attached to	let me find the thing real quick
is it literally just like plastic wtap	it's permanent
right now it's just led lights right	i believe so
 and id imagien it's kinda uncomfortable	well maybe the consumers should stop bei
then it could jog with u	that's disturbing af
oh	did you know the google glass concept is
ya like in factories and stuff	i'm starting to wonder why google glass 
i think that's mainly it	lol
everyone's looking at it at all times	so you're saying that this market of wea
or visible disruption	just put it on sunglasses and make it re
e glass to school every day if u had one	you're talking to the guy who still forg
it's always on ur face	if the display was retractable i think i
maybe ya	if it was a projection that could just b
r peripheral vision when ur not using it	and it just showed up on regular glasses
 default and shuts off after like 10 sec	but the display looks stupid
but ya it looks kinda dumb	http://www.bilisimcafe.net/wp-content/up
gular glasses, not to be warn just alone	i wonder why they can't use the same tec
wdym	i think that's kind of cumbersome though
ce to project it on when it's on ur face	in this day and age most electronics are
u have to project it through a crystal	http://aiclarke.com/wp-content/uploads/2
ya ik	but have it project on the surface of th
wouldn't it just go through	idk enough optics lol
so it looks like a screen	why can't the prism be more flat and not
he angle it has to be at for redirection	what if the projector just projects stra
ually thats just virtual reality glasses	technology i think is just a bit too bul
ya i agree	unless somebody who has influence over a
lmao	oh man, i kind of wish i had one of thos
wearable tech def as well actually	reallyyy
hmmm	what about the whole iot fad
that u can control it with	is it really that desirable or useful
i can see the use for homes	doesn't seem really groundbreaking and m
ng about things that i think will happen	and then robots will become cheap and us
mhm	i wonder if there's another way to consu
hmm u mean completely new	but a method that is better than computi
etism from basically the telegram onward	wut about light
o u mean something com0letely different?	yup yup
hmm	get this
🐱	i think electromag has got the cake pret
t actually think we need until it exists	like fucking legged robotics
maybe	we don't think we need it until it exist
ya same	it wasn't like the computer was a long s
did it himself tho and not a big company	but were those ppl doing it in their bed
en hundreds of steve jobs and only 1 woz	statistically speaking there's probably 
ya	oh man, i wonder if musky and woz could'
lmk if u need editing	i'm over on each essay by 66 words
well that's not too bad	do you have any extra springs btw
no	darn
wait who did u have write urs?	ms. hession
is everything ok now?	idk, they haven't got back to me yet
ses when i signed up for oc what is this	lol
lol u made a prototype leg?	it's literally 5 pieces of cardboard and
atch up on after midterms + college apps	i'm going to check in on you by next wee
and adult life in general	that's how ppl die bruh
so it evens out :d	conscious while being in a default low b
nah caffeine pillllsss	drugs are not the answer!
welp	welp
that's a weird ass fetish roy ngl	thx man
u might have to teach him some stuff	kk
ing winblock so it shouldn't take u long	ngl
wait why?	afterwards i just sat in the basement wo
and r u fine now	wondering why i'm not having fun/remotel
just the time spent on building sci oly?	idk, perhaps
d u want to do study events for sci oly?	gud one mah boi
many ppl who can build stuff for sci oly	nah don't worry about it, we got more ti
m to spread out the work more for builds	sorry about this man ^^" i know it wasn'
nah i mean it's hard in of itself	welp time to learn cad
what r u working on now?	i need to remodel this mechanism
*spoons	thx man, i was going for a fork doe
it feeds u by walking up to ur mouth	fuking geniusssss
ld u need machine learning on the robot?	to let it learn how to walk
t's really a good way to train the robot	really?
with ai probably couldn't withstand wind	damn you wrote a mini essay on dis lol
well i had econ so	https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=sb5ce0on3t
uring lunch or after i get home around 7	friday night would be nice
not a problem	dang, coming home at 7??
oh ya a hot date with my grandparents	oh ic ic
and ya everythings fine	this is the story
is walking to the school in the morning?	wait i don't think all legged animals ex
awwwwww	it's not cute!
oh the hovercraft came in	🐱
but it had to be done	what if the kit just doesn't work lol
🐱	are ya serious
welp	maybe it was telling me to get back to w
lol why is david mad at me now....	?
ig thing (hopefully) it was just bizarre	ppl get petty these days over the smalle
w ppl focus on these really small things	it's cuz everything you do now is a pass
why me	idk
🐱	maybe it's personal idk man lol
welp	you know how regular hobby servos have n
the analog signal from the potentiometer	the pot has three tabs
lol don't burn anything	i can't wait for my theory to be wrong a
🐱	this is all for the cause of legged robo
wdym	https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=w29avx3dzj
 second semester seems busier than jr yr	well
e a list of books i want to get through)	"i feel like i have too much on my plate
i might drop mgh thing but i feel bad	yeh i felt bad too, until i dropped it l
lol	the number one thing you don't want to d
g overwhelmed. they come and go randomly	if you want to do them then carve out a 
been trying but idk where to carve out 😞	how about we hit the gym b block tomorro
i got a pile of emails to respond to	bruhhhhhhh
i don't have any other time to do it	realistically there really is only a cer
 time if we're gonna do a senior project	it might seem kinda harsh but with ur cu
stupid brains	didn't we talk about how that's an unhea
its been a year :/	how about you slow down tonight and list
bad at having a focused set of interests	that's not necessarily a bad thing
:/	max and i have been building chad steadi
g emailis. theres justa crap ton of them	bruhhhhhhhhhh
g and before the sci oly officer meeting	i really do think you should sit down an
ization capabilities deteriorate swiftly	bruh you got like 5 years
a but i'm only getting busier by the day	that's cuz you're making yourself busier
 stuff but we haven't really done it yet	it sounds like you're making it sound sw
it stresses me out lol	i think you might want to be a bit more 
fferent bc u have a set end goal already	but i feel like a fair amount does, esp 
g but end up shifting ur entire interest	like you wanting to make books?
works ppl on ar andom day at beaverworks	dude that's literally just chance lol
in every other sense was a waste of time	ok ready for a wise old saying time that
besides me just fucking around	wouldn't you need to learn ml first
ya well i k enough to do the mgh thing	and what is this real stuff you're talki
 to analyze and help diagnose alzheimers	how much you wanna bet you can find data
edical dat from very expensive equipment	damn, you really thought this through hu
 expert in the field guiding the process	is that what you hoped with for mit prim
kinda ya	i think you're doubting your own abiliti
idk what the axes even are	a fellow intern from ucla was working on
tru	(i feel like this is the third time we'v
 convos throughout and after college lol	that's fine by me haha
🐱	:'(
gonna take a nap to get out of this funk	yeh, sleeping always flushes away bad mo
tbal are all ramping up at the same time	well for sci oly you got a pretty reliab
thankss	and don't worry about reading my college
lol does that actually happen?	i used to get sick from watching any vir
 usually if it's a flat screen it's fine	that's quite the skill you got there
we're on a big pickle right now lol	what kinda pickle? i thought you weren't
ng expired so we have to get a new order	ahh
o we're trying to get the order in again	oh....
thanks	did ya bring the hovercraft kit?
yup	what class u got rn?
latin	wait who's going to the hmun dance tonig
some of the hmun ppl probably	🐱
 have a bunch of other concrete examples	oh
ya that's fine	as i review these last two apps the more
oh shit i forgot to read urs	🐱
when r u planning on submitting again	tonight lol
shit	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ms7noumg
oh nice	wanna try and steal it with me?
🐱	man, that's like 4 universities that bou
how much does each cost	agility robotics wouldn't disclose speci
more like a private jet	i bet agility robotics have mad revenue 
🐱	ouch
isnt that just a transformer	apparently the show is called macross
lol	freaking amazing
n u make the botball meeting today at 8?	wat
lmao u gotta check the discord man	mah apps
the deadlines feb 1st right?	gud one
er the meeting we can do an editing sess	you're too good for me
so is that a yes for the meeting?	yeh
hmm interesting	as an entrepreneur (who apparently likes
product is starting to attract customera	what do you mean "looks like" >:((( they
pand beyond scott from corvallis tho lol	but scott sounds like a fucking badass
 well idk anything about siracha lol but	cassie can be the siracha sauce of robot
economics of scale	i'll make the robots for free
ill attract a lot of ppl for further r&d	i'm sure if they can attract ppl like me
actively trying to take over or anything	yeh...
*negative impact, not negative benefit	i see what you're talking about and i do
ya...	also are you feeling ok
as titled when it started becoming memey	that whole situation got more and more i
 and i disagreed and we had a discussion	i didn't think it got memey, rather it j
gainst it but accidentally argued for it	you also didn't take a cold one bottle h
thanks tho	i thought the analogies max were trying 
nderstand why it would help anything tho	the reason why i agreed was that besides
kes it harder to understand the document	ppl always interpret things with a bias 
t to each name u have "balanced, create"	and a lot of ppl are insecure about them
like over and over again	so even the way you present data will be
*if	hold on itttsss hard to type on this pie
lol sorry	this would be easier if the phone had ha
lve is, the list still wouldn't solve it	in the end, yes you're right they will p
oup names  right next to their names....	but the point is that that feeling of wt
who the other members of their group are	cuz of the order they take in the data, 
they will ahve those problems regardless	cuz apparently some juniors are sensitiv
 they're actually just stated at the top	i think the point wasn't that they would
y max made that analogy except for memes	oh that actually might've been a meme lo
ere regardless of the organization right	yes the problems will still be there
on then instead of at the top of the doc	are they so rattled that they would do s
practice lol	it's not stopping the problem i think, i
and then adding a list	of course none of us know if this will a
hing is he seemed like a pretty nice guy	geezus
he was so nice	holy shit
i feel unclean	lol i doubt he would use the money from 
tru	yeh idk
ya....	it feels like a plot twist of a movie
ya ikr im still kinda mind blown	except it's real lol
vers onto a race track with that man :'(	lol
 its coercing women to work as "escorts"	wait is that a prostitute then?2
asically just euphamism for prostitution	ooh
and sex-trafficking is one part	i guess you can now say that you were fa
iit seems stupid	why did jeremy delete his own stuff?
w shes gonna delete all of jeremy's work	yeh that was pretty harsh
rk and trashed on more when he does work	i think max is just a hardcore memer of 
ts memes get the better of his judgement	for a guy who'd rather live in the woods
y don't realize it or intend it that way	well the truth is just that people act d
ya .... :/	*probably just cuz
uh its stupid	i actually wonder what's the social reas
its stupid	that's actually a good point
 has no consent or any part of the convo	wait those two convos were separate? idk
 it happens to jeremy unjustifiably much	it's normal for you to be mad about mist
ng someone by the meme they have of them	we're using the meme so much in serious 
you've become quite the psychologist	lol thanks man
onna tell jen lol but if u want to u can	lol i was about to say the same thing
🐱	ppl are hard man
ya....	welp i better catch some zs cuz i don't 
 can read it over now and leave comments	nah don't worry about it
wdym	michigan robotics is what they call thei
use in what context	my first sentence:
ya u can just call if michigan rkbtosjcs	thanks man
aren't those tiny	wait i thought we already had magnets
e we used at mit was borrowed from angus	lol
can just bring a strong magnet from home	what if my faulty legs are a sign for me
bur your humanity score goes down to 50%	lmao
lol	btw has there ever been a robotics start
i mean ya theres been a lot	the only robo companies that i can think
i think agility robotics is a startup	but dji does drones and bd never sold a 
irobot started as a startup	i need more hope in agility robotics
for robot companies bc fricking hardware	i think their workforce are some grad ki
🐱	🐱
lol	pshh
what would we do without those dinos	it seems that andy abate, the mech head 
thats actually pretty cool	25-26 bucks... holy shit
for useful things	let's be honest here
investment into a roth ira account?	what the fuck is that
t think agility robotics is off the grid	who knows
in the war	the one where i got to make stupidly coo
invaded and took over alaska right after	holy crap
mation from just watching videos closely	but i watched all the videos already
lmao	i'mma buy one
6 gallooooooooonss	don't tempt me with your sweet words
and 3d print it urself	wouldn't that be a bit of a waste of tim
buy their employees donuts with ur money	which would motivate them to not give up
or on wednesday	yeh sure
tps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2qcd_t...	holy shot that fits so well
yea sure	lol thx man
it's fine	gramps computer broke
lmaoo	uh oh
why	cuz he only speaks chinese
or do u think it's too late	you can take a read over if you want
s. i'll just check for grammar and stuff	i technically have 3 days
oh ok	if something is offsounding i would rath
should be done in like 5 min	kkkkkkkkk
that i would try to edit	can i use laboratory
just some wording issues	<3
o. it is honest to urself so that's good	"i love business so much, i want to make
oh i didn't read ur wpi one yet	oh lol
wait can u link me up lol\	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wyew
listening to it is pretty uplifting	but it's a song for and about people who
tru :'( let me dream	lol, it'll be alright
tell u a story after i finsh reading wpi	exciting
ok done	thank you so much
than it would be fine	"sex toys"
yeee	huh, i'm actually having a hard time thi
ya that sounds good	aight
is still calling me	lol
but i asume thats just what college is	is it cuz of the academic rigor over the
cademic rigor when is the web assign due	when i was a slave on reddit i read a lo
wait really? is that a thing at uchicago	i'm just going to do it tomorrow
nice	if that helps you can tell her that
wouldn't u call home in college	do you think i call home rn lol
lol	i'm still curious about that story you w
oh lol woops	did you forget the story lol?
i have an english quiz	lkkkkk
both are blacj	let me check
i have to find a good time to sneak out	wait wut
was i suppose to get a pass	you can just ask if you can get a pass l
 one of the more anal retentive teachers	and then run back to show your teacher i
alize i had so much english shit to read	lolllll
oh sicc	but we also have the problem that mr mac
but everything is going crazy rn	it's fine lol
memes everywhere	wat
ever, the boii had not been exterminated	that's fuking amazing
why?	max and i are probs going to be running 
welp	and if you had some i don't want you to 
uh i can call in	kkkkkk
ust listen and not talk until i get home	what lunch you got?
2nd	damn i got 3rd
i left mgh	:o
that can be my research thing	🐱
 the back (think sci oly robot arm lols)	i have bad memories of that
ye but really quick	we have been prototyping so much and so 
are u guys still there	max and i cleaned up and left around 3:3
oh dang	turns out my middle name has a hyphen in
what's ur middle name	jk jk
so ur chinese name is hao chuan xing?	wouldn't it be
oh ya other way around	or as i usually go by:roy
🐱	oh yeh, i almost forgot
ya	niceeee
it's fineeeee	can't tell if you lyin' or not
i am still scheduling things till 2	🐱
🐱	bruh
there's nothing to worry about	i'm going to give you links to the webas
thanks tho <3	dayumn boii
earch and i only used it for 2 questions	ic ic
thankss	alright finally submitted all mah apps
ur free	free after i write a midyear update lol
i have to do that too	really?? :o
not sure about weedtown	when i checked weedtown didn't have one
🐱	uh idk if that's something the pussy mem
maybe that's more appropriate	geezus
but it does feel shitty	do you know why/where did you find this 
a while it was jen and i outside talking	oh....
🐱	oh man
*eachother	aw
ally talk / she's not really there a lot	wut bout mun and venture cafe n stuff
she doesn't do that anymore	i guess in an ironic way if she's still 
r i've lost some respect for her as well	hmm i'm not the best with this kind of s
have college apps to distract me anymore	i would offer to talk to her for you but
ya, that's ok	just to clear things up though you're no
 well to make a big anxiety cocktail lol	geezus
appen while u guys were still classmates	it could/probably is also she's stressed
ng i say has the potential to offend her	i think you should just act like you guy
i'll just try	she actively avoids you? dang
side so her friends are blocking between	oh man i'm sorry
but idk who she telld	ahh
lamethrower “starts shipping in spring.”	yeh time is interesting
ya. i have to see petty first	sounds gucci
lmao thanks for the pic	no problemo
🐱	drugs r cheaper than these services
ya	thx lol
how far did you guys design it?	the concepts are down but the drafting i
the pulleys seem really weak	virgin pulleys?
aren't they suppose to lift like kilos	yeh...
they're just little plastic discs	and about that networking thing... got a
ks, then i can inquire about 3d printing	if you send an explosive she'll be sure 
that's not proper networking etiquette	*an explosively happy letter
lmao	there's etiquette??
sounds like ahookup	so is agility and bd :,( but i'm not don
u should just apply	i also don't have the funds to start my 
then take it and run	lmaooooo
so thats a good sign	congrats!
ra that she and i are all back to normal	that's a similar msg lol
which confuses me a bit	maybe you can ask her
to a few months	a few months is kinda long bruh
e were talking normally at mun yesterday	that's good!
ok	i lied
an *slight incline* on the way to school	nah this time it was on the icy sidewalk
i need to k if i'm really that dumb	i fell asleep after you guys left
ve left a red notebook and a caesar book	if you give me ur pass i can dualboot rn
u also look for notebook and caesar book	how do you manage to do this
p o w e r m o v e	i'm going to break ur computer
wait so did u find the stuff	ye
i'll just pick it up at bois night	ur pencil is even here
this was at the top of my feed lol	that's bullshit and you and i know it lo
lol	i feel like smart ppl like woz don't for
 you called foxy roxy.	🐱
 you called foxy roxy.	🐱
elina?	yeh man
damn	i'm throughly impressed
s://www.youtube.com/user/lastweektonight	i think they need to start screening who
nope	oh hey the patriots lost the baseball ga
ya...	shame, tom brady was such a good goalie 
🐱	looks like angry fans are going to burn 
le bunch if mistakes in the last quarter	what are you talking about lol
ya	if ya haven't done the stretch problems 
oh damn thanks	no problemo
i didn't make any changes lol	it's alright i don't think they expect u
ya	ya ready?
haha genes you little fucker you	bruh
then the tiredness kicked in	ah...
lol	aw fuck
who is it	keziah
e 80 yr old man who asks for a ride home	keziah robinson, class of 2000
nice	holy shit she's an actress
but what is a) asking for?	i'm turning that in tomorrow lol
has someone started that?	no idea
nice	so what da ya think about the intel glas
actually really cool	they fucking took our idea
ing point to more wearable in the future	the head movement controls are pretty co
so that's good	but not everyone likes to wear glasses s
 would take some serious minitiarizatiob	smart tattoos
lol	i wonder if ppl would be ok with small h
c "bluetooth headphones fall out easily"	that's insane lol
pretty high in the show's first episode.	lmao
he's a telcommuncations engineer	fuck
wow	wouldn't it be better to just make custo
🐱	not true!
lol	wut
ya...	i can't believe the entrepreneurship wor
i would actually give it a watch	is it good for "what not to do"
eless engineer tryna do entrepreneurship	ouchhh
's ambition, wozjob would be unstoppable	truuu
by himself	that makes him sounds like a wozjob - th
ctually has technical skills unlike jobs	i like how out of all these ppl the pers
well does woz have a wife	woz has had like four wives lol
he's the same generation as jobs and woz	wait really?
in pretty sure within the same decade	is jeff bezos the same gen as musky? lol
 and became prominent in the early 2000s	man i can't want for the robotics wave t
🐱	i guess robotics is going to be stuck de
usinesses which are super easy to set up	oh c'mon there's like maybe almost 50 so
t i think robotics is just too technical	tru
g and designing new robots is simplified	there is currently a ros hardware moveme
wdym	oh wait
🐱	are ya home rn?
nope i'm at boston children's hospital	oh wait you can't drive either lol
for an entrepreneurial event	you networking?
launch was successful!	ayy
afternoon touching some fake dead bodies	wat
the simlab at boston children's hospital	they have a lab dedicated to simulations
mainly for training doctors and surgeons	finished
it's string powered?	just the knee joint is
what's gonna be pulling the string?	the top servo
oh ic	i think i should probs do hw now but...
it looks like a good atart	that's what we said about chad lol
instagram.com/50_nerdsofgrey	lmao
#entrepreneurship	here's my joke on legged robots
🐱	alright
kinda	i just finished myself
oh ye	is mun today?
no mun is tomorrow	holy shit my monitor magically started w
and ya	when does b block end then d:
8:23	thx thx
lol wut	oh yeh
how can i use the best text editor nano	lol
the creation of a true wozjobs	lmao
what musk has accomplished is so amazing	but he never made a robot
giving them all a vision to work towards	tru tru
bc my phone is dumb	i just realized colleges won't even know
r u writing ur feb update?	yeh for schoolios
damnnn	i love how they still keep the meme stro
ates? isn't there an online thing for it	i called each college
ust got contacted for stanford intreview	nice!!!
tim zajic	aw man
thats so funny	can we swap lol
whos ur person?	this is her sum in linkedin: " business 
i dont think we can switch lol	well on the brightside hopefully our ppl
 ppl to get what ur trying to accomplish	i now know why hurst kept the monopod re
ade that sharktank guy jizz in his pants	i suppose the skill would be to know whe
th ui/ux designed so anyone could use it	tru
ya why?	just wondering if ya wanna go to some te
sci oly test for the tryouts this friday	kkkkkkkk
middle of states prep season for sci oly	nah it's alright man
thanks	no problemo
btw do u have open ends tomorrow?	e block i do
e the box and the magnets in ur basement	what does it look like?
cuz we can use any box really	do ya remember what the magnets look lik
magnet sized	lol
them is like a grey shiny cilinder thing	yeh, couldn't find it
do you have any magnets?	all i got are fridge magnets lol
can you look for the box again?	i can during e block
why?	cuz idk what it looks like lol
hmm could i go to ur house during lunch?	uhhhh
i have 2nd	i have third lunch
so not ideal	welp shit
so i'll be there in third lunch	lol bruh
i'm on the balcony of the caf	where u at
proabbly 11th place	lol it's alright
gotta come cuz i have english quuz	🐱
🐱	now that's worth
lol	how's mun so far?
why	cuz we kept abusing their generosity lol
uc decisions came out	nah they are rolling
🐱	it's feb bruh lol
ya that's why it's unexpected	late march is when they will finish al o
no one else here got an email	i thought you took back ucb?
pletely forgot about that bc of how busy	🐱
the past few weeks have been	bruhhh lol
🐱	i guess they really wanted you
lol theybdont need another asian cs nerd	or maybe ucb girl made sure you got in
lmaio	how's mun so far
here's what your missing	dude i'm in there rn lol
wait does it work?	lmao no of course not
u missed the delegate dance	it's been standing for almost 5 minutes 
w sorry we weren't there to work on chad	nah it's fine
it's ok you must accept the unviabilitu	i can't believe it has a repeatable poin
? how would it be unrepeatable	meaning that when i tense up the springs
oh niceee	i was afraid that it would end up like a
there's your wholesome meme of the day	lol thx
how about "unviable"	🐱
i barely k her ok	i feel like i'll hear that line a lot in
orking on unviable and play online smash	i was about to go to sleep lol
we had to do curfew for mun	plus you would lose anyway
d now i don't want to sleep but im bored	🐱
weeakkkkkkk]	you could help me write some code for jo
🐱	doesn't mun require you to get sleep and
st day and we finished evyerhing already	who are ya rooming with
max and vara	ahhh
🐱	alright that does it
can u create the room?	yeh sure
wait so u can't access onlin at all?	nah i changed it when i got locked out l
lol welp	one sec lol
lol	aw shit i think it targets your whole sy
es smash have better security than gmail	🐱
welp	alright
ok good night	have fun with jocelyne
dude its so amazing	that was so good
shit i also didnt see ur messages before	how did wut go?
the meeting wtih mahoney	i took notes and shared it
t worked together on the same directives	what does she look like ya stud
lol	you feeling better?
just been super busy	you in school today?
yup	you wanna chad with me during d block?
so yea most likely	nioce
thanks man	btw can you open the back foot lol
do u still need it	nope
wait my eye is bleeding	wat
gotta do what u gotta do	were you guys able to sneak out of that 
what happened?	it was pretty awkward and cringy overall
the most important detail	lmaooo
not on kipr's	ayyyy
get ready for a surprise during e block	🐱
lmaoooo	send me some dank updates/vids of mun
ut him has been rubbing u the wrong way?	i think the way he talks to people perha
day bc he's already in his ed college so	yeh i was able to come to my own satisfy
nything in particular that triggered it?	nah not really lol
unlike vara	🐱
kinda sad it took such a hit	this is your chance to mend it
like i kinda wanna hang out with her	that makes you sound like a creep
:/	that doesn't mean you can't make her com
that was ethan august	lol
lol	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgyjnqoj
your too good	why did you spam the swobo chat lol
but my internet lags a lot on this wifi	lmaooo
ait roy did you actually create an insta	it's a meme
lol did you make iy	yeh
ya i recommended it to her	wait is she going to mahacks?
🐱	i think i cut my hair way too short
inally see what your forehead looks like	yeh
*using	the second option is splitting the input
ah ok	this is becoming exponentially more comp
jeezus	you should sleep early mi amigo
y morning + mahacks final prep on friday	ahh icic
🐱	oh wait that works out since i'm gone th
nice nice	you can take a break wednesday from botb
u sure	damn dude you should take sunday off or 
l bad cuz i haven't been there that much	yeh don't worry about, i gotchu
nah it's fine i'll come on wednesday	da bois got ur back
might nap in the middle but i'll b there	lol nap at home then napping in such a c
🐱	i'm touring massrobotics
ah ok	and then robbing them blind
nah i have an mahacks meeting at 9	boi
which will probably go like 1-2 hrs	just don't burn out this week
ok	if you're eye is still broken take it of
*weeks	it's a pretty bad sign doe
*fatigue	yeh that's another reason to take wednes
bot is. it just blew someones brains out	that's not what i want robots to do
ode, the killer robots are called "dogs"	why they gotta get inspiration like dat
closer to real life	the writer for ieee automation is actual
lol	should i spend 20 bucks on a specialized
more precise than what you lareday have?	yup
*how much more precise	oh idk
oh lol	got it
that pretty hacky	yeh....
respond to jason	alright i can come and give him the glue
whats the plan for mision possible	build
but like what sht eschedule?	idk anytime i'm awake and in the basemen
 theres not much f or you to do here tbj	i could just do break hw there
;)	which part of the lib?
lets make it happen ;)	you don't have servos lol
oh ill provide plenty of thrust ;)	it would need to be torque not thrust
;)	the actuators would also need to be low 
 compile a lot of mass in a short height	the inertia must be low so that the mome
;)	due to the fact that flat feet designs r
rs need to be sliding at parallel angles	interesting that you bring that up becau
meeting room	where's that
where r u now ill come down	https://youtu.be/afua50h9uek
that's insane	ikr
ya i'll be there soon	eta?
probably like 20 min	kkkkk max and i have some updates for ya
 that filthy commented code out of thete	where u at
walking	tell us if you jason's dead body
lol wut	jason said he was walking three hours ag
oh shit	are you still at davids?
nooe	lol thx man
npnp	that was a pretty fun party
ye haven't had one in a while	did not expect to enjoy socialization wi
🐱	🐱
more free to hang out with ppl and stuff	what about winmun
eh that's not nearly as much work	ahh ic ic
but after that	bruh
but after that	bruhh
shit	🐱
i never really did that	wait really
really nicely and not man y other ppl go	i think i'm actually out for rwdc around
oh it's the week before right	yup yup
sad this will be our last botball season	hmm i haven't felt nostalgic or melancho
mun is basically ovee	ahhh
but actual conferences are ovee	ah yeh, everything slowing down then
there's a river in b/w	dat's dumb
did u go to mit sloan	i want free monitors
any starbucks	but there's ppl there
yo roy when are you done with ur tour?	just finishing up
do you want a ride home?	sure but i was planning to hang around t
if u want just lmk	i'm taking a dump in the stats building 
uh	how's mahacks
rly as stressed about it as last mahacks	is it near the stata building? i need a 
lol no it's over by north station	where da fuk is north station
o stop but he also looked kinda homeless	i think he was your future self
be creepin around high school hackathons	that's pretty hilarious
f soup kitchens like a respectable human	yeh ok, you'll be creeping around techno
lol	i'll just be continuing taking dumps aro
that we always go to	isn't that kinda far lol
lmao	is this from mun?
i don't k any of these ppl	or did you get so black out drunk you fo
i kinda wanna troll and play along	that might be kinda creepy lol
lol	i made a mistake sitting here
shit i just missed my train	wut
ye	ahhh
it's ok two of my team members are going	this could be a good opportunity to take
lol nahhhhh	or maybe you could use one of those tele
i might just ask them to vid call me in	boi
our venue might be too small	how?
would fit 80 very well but idk about 111	bruh
shiiiiiit	that's 138.75% your carrying capacity
im kinda hoping some ppl won't come	idk if you should bank on that lol
ye.....	could you maybe cut ppl?
i dont think so	well is the venue going to be mad that y
i think they'll be fine	so then the problem is just handling/cra
ya	welp
i dont think that will sell	you could have elimination rounds
and ppl might get pised abotu that	well they should suck it up like men the
damn	idk about you but all these mit kids are
maybe not in the cs building lol	yeh that makes a lot of sense
lol	there's a lot of young lookin' ppl here
 now that i think our venue is too small	i was sitting next to the daycare thing 
aking a catalogue of the different rooms	ahh ic ic and you're vid calling i'm ass
over messenger	that situation sounds a lot more conduci
a;sdkjf;alskjdf;lajs;dlkfjasl;dfjlasdjfk	do you know your options then?
basically	wait, then why are you stressing if ther
bc irrationality	🐱
🐱	maybe you guys can brainstorm ways to li
wait do u have a slack?	i think either jenn or ethan wanted me t
ok can you try to join	sure
ok so your in right	i need to get the app i think
oh ur on ur phone	i ain't taking my laptop out while i'm o
re you dont need to get your ass checked	nah i think i'm fine
le to post to the announcements channel?	nope can't post
 and can you post to all the other ones?	i'll test
sweet thanks	hold on i need to test the keywords
s so some little shits trolled the slack	the keyword thing is broken
s discord but for professional companies	i just realized how ironic it was for me
lol	lol how is it more professional?! it's j
ya basically	oh wait i answered my own question
but it's not marketed for gaming so	🐱
th less features and not completely free	lol
thanks	no problemo
d out awhole bunch of methods of dumping	the crank that is a bit strange
how is the dumping?	i found a better way to dump
t was fundamental to the robots function	made a new move till black function that
ng from the side just didn't work for me	the dumping is having the claw to the ri
edid the foam bin thing to make it wider	the tram has to be not like fed
i basically open as i move above the bin	hmmm
ok	we're so close and yet so far
ok	nothing is working
same	you doing mahacks stuff rn?
ya it already takes a bit too much time	we're at that point where it's hard to t
🐱	could i crash mahacks? you could be 140%
stics stuff and finalizing our live page	what the heck is a live page
o you need during the hackathon on there	this triggers me
that	youuuuu
egged robot with an x through the middle	i was about to say that
🐱	it's a waste to hack together technology
u mark rupert and tool shed man	lol
nope it was the workshop runner	cuz it reads like a direct meme against 
lol	just give it the right context :')
everything with applications is	what applications does the robo from ex 
killing ppl	she's literally a person at that point >
t knife into his back like it was butter	he just skipped back day like a fool
still understands how to manipulate them	she's just a sociopathic human then lol
ya but she's the perfect sociopath	i still don't understand the desire to g
and thus shouldn't be able to go rogue	it all depends on how that ai works/is s
pray	boi
wait what happened to jen	lol you might wanna keep resting then
th botball bc she's not on a main robot"	welp
but sometimes a cover letter	the fuck is a cover letter again?
is mass robotics just a space?	i'm not going to write a cover letter fo
oh are you job hunting?	nah when i was touring i may have gotten
🐱	all the ppl for the tour were all dresse
it was probably for businesses	the tour was apparently for ppl who want
nice	i wonder how long i can pull that kind o
ya i'm just really really tired lol	that's good to hear that it went smoothl
on your resume?	ye
i would include it	lmao
welp	don't worry
unch of bots that try to friend everyonn	nah she's a real girl lol
🐱	is that a subtle pick up line or somethi
 do friend ppl on their recommended list	this was my response:
lmao ya	lmaooo
did u see my comment?	yeh i did
🐱	but how do you have time to make all tho
🐱	ouch
early marchh	ay lmao
u need is the hayshed and a legged robot	nah i'm not worried about the results si
hopefully less drama this time	pi day?
but also ivy week	you could send meme mags to ppl who get 
wdym?	nvm lol
u mean with jeremy?	nah i mean in the sci oly chat
ya why?	in the time we were memeing and having f
but before that i thinkbi was just tired	like when you got heated about max build
n botball is and i do see it at some pts	yeh...
ay more to kinda alleviate the situation	correct me if i'm wrong but it seems to 
max seems to too i guess	i didn't expect max to honestly, ethan a
y person who just wants to be in control	though max does trust jenn more than jer
e full out smack him in the face with it	yeh i was just talking to him and asking
 to say smthn and i regret that i didn't	i really want to let him jump onto chad 
pl who would be down to work with him :/	apparently asun and sam said they're fin
ve been a minor reason that we projected	in contrast to that i have heard/listene
the past, or come to extra meetings ever	that is a really good point, even if the
 why can't ppl just be nice to eachother	a large majority of the ppl doing roboti
ya :/	or at least ppl bumming off of others lo
ost entrepreneurs are also not like that	ay lmao, if you ever need trustworthy en
lol thanks man	if you need an untrustworthy cfo
🐱	🐱
just depends on how productive u feel	i wanna do robo stuff but not academic s
e a mun conference call in like 5 min :/	so basically not super productive lol
lol	bruh i thought mun was over lol
i usually work best at 3 am	i really wanna build this:
🐱	can you open up the back door in like fi
lol ya	thanks man
for my yearbook	you could but idk if jonny would allow t
bly doing this one. sarah helped me pick	ha nerdddd
*bad	i originally wanted to meme it but decid
just put a legged robot	i'm already spreading awareness with ins
lmao	i really don't know how to converse with
 fine if you just ask about their school	but then you know their general area and
@_@	i really wish there was a way to delete 
🐱	that's like a half pussy deletion
especially for arguments	this sounds like an untapped market
lol	would it really help with arguments?
sage you sent and use it to rage about u	lol i mean if they're willing to go that
lol	i suppose she can't take criticism too w
ya hopefully	and then things will hopefully be better
anyways	:o you don't plan on keeping up with you
no i do but not specifically jen and i	ahh ic ic
t perfect. it thought my hand was a door	that's pretty funny
i had to do some wierd shit to deploy it	weirdd
 actually train such a massive algorithm	damn, bigshot over here just shitting on
lmao	if q-computing really delivers on revolu
🐱	ppl with that mindset are doomed to even
 also get that line up to balck working?	yeh, i'll just work on line up to black 
cuz i have lunch i could come over	almost there i'm waiting for pine to do 
ering me. i can't stop thinking about it	i may have just woke up and not know whe
tudy during part of that time for a test	may i reorganize the master folder one o
nah they're not thattttt bad	how's mun going
busy bus busy	i'll send you the physics problems by to
proabbly on friday ill have time	it's due on friday
shit i have an essay	🐱
fine im not planning on sleeping tonight	you aren't as young anymore and you alre
its ok its jusg for a few days	my fucking linux side just broke again
wdym uncharted territory?	no one has data on this laptop
talked to a few of these startups before	through other events n' stuff?
ya and mahacks outreach	dang, how big is your network already lo
btw do u have plans for this summer?	not really unless massrobotics gets back
job offer to work at beaverworks as a ta	niceee
cuz it coincides with robotics month	you mean botball or is there another rob
botball lol	ic ic
ya sure	nvm
nice	you wanna head down for e block?
i have actual class e block	🐱
🐱	forgot about that...
tho can we do starting next week	yeh sure
i'm slightly dying this week	ya think lol
f bc i've been leeching too much already	these are backup. just in case
<3	i did 39 instead of 40 lol
nice	alright i'll get that done after a while
idk if its that ambitious of a product	i feel like the concept is
to make ai that can help cure depression	idk man they still got a lot to go befor
le to be really good at reading emotions	how would that cure depression though
like reduce symptoms	maybe it's just me
https://www.messenger.com/t/drwoebot	yeh that's not as impressive as i though
its getting there	in fact i'm throughly disappointed and m
:'(	how the fuk are ppl supposed to empathiz
 of a few weeks to try to find a pattern	that's a lot more lame than what i imagi
yett	so it's more of a tool than anything els
ya	wait is uchicago really stressing her ou
sically one step away from sentience lol	well there's one big problem
🐱	holy shit it's a memer
o try it out to see exactly what it does	the one big problem is how is woebot goi
lmao	you know the open ai
t it highly depend on what type of robot	yeh that's what i'm wondering if the alg
like theres just so much variation	you mean the algorithm and not the model
he's one of the really famous professors	do you still think that ai will get to a
re aready a lot of ai products in market	i mean a viable one that has actual impa
define actual impact	one that will cause the revolution that 
 has a pretty huge effect on teh economy	an impact on the world
oesn't have to be a consumer product lol	i can bet you 8/10 ppl on the streets do
termining lots of things about our lives	econ doesn't affect my life
ated into some other mass market product	i'm guessing i'm thinking of impact more
🐱	🐱
based on how many pl are going to ai now	energy also seems like they will go thro
and wearable tech :d	🐱
it will happennn	yeh but they gotta break through the fas
ology just needs to be more minitiarized	idk if we can get in on that though, the
only thin i can think of rn	lmao that would be the dream
y manufacture such miniature electronics	it's all a chemical process
ss it's literally just a marketing thing	it's a marketing thing
ips are significantly better than others	yes
feel right about this	it was quite the shocker for me too
ok that's slightly betrer	only slightly doe
like the gen number? o_o	lol each core has subcategories
like what	for example
it kinda makes sense	but doesn't it still bother you that the
but i feel like any product is like that	and then have lesser cpus hanging around
ke the performance varies by a whole lot	each hertz counts
ut it's like a bonus to test and specify	that's like making a robot but one motor
jack off to or whatever u do with robots	ok yeh that makes sense
*why	there's no way there's an efficient whee
damn dude are u ok	interview went better than i thought it 
oh did u hear sam got into umich?	yeh
idk usually i just lie down	i think that worked
nice	how are things goon'
s club without knowing how to play chess	that caught me really off tbh
also lol you're actualy using insta	i'm using it to post pics of robots and 
whats her name?	you into her?
🐱	oh dear lord
lol do u k where she's from?	ny
that's not too farl	what are you implying...
insert your rook into her castle	castle is a move
and rooks participate in castles	are ya implying i should stick mah dic i
i wont judge	wanna work on botball tomorrow during b 
what day is it	now that you're outta "overscheduled" he
ya sure	got any good song recs?
lol depends what kinda mood ur in	idk what mood
y for occasional moods tho late at night	it already sounds incredible edgy lol
less edgy may i recommend the black keys	tighten up
are the ones i like	i notice tighten up seems to be a slight
the music video is pretty funny	yeh it really was lol
oh really? who	you'll see haha
wait wdym i'll see?	nah i mean someone already promposed so 
no idea	got sent back to arctic monkeys by youtu
a few ppl did last yr	lol
do u k who you're gonna ask?	ha nope
but isn't prom on a weekend	may 30th is a wednesday i think
oh welp	ay lmaoo
#corporatelife	you could ask
why does he sound just like alex turner	ikr
tho a bit too mellow imo	says the guy who's into gay church yelli
 like in between arctic monkeys and that	that sounds amazing actually
but it wasn't even that edgy :/	are you seeking edges now?
alled edgy it better be a sharp-ass edge	lol
 almost over its crazy to think about it	man you're really hung up on this huh?
do you ever wish that *more* had happend	yeh of course lol
and its been kinda boring lol	are you sad since you've never had a gir
re opprotunitites to develop as a person	do you not like who you are rn?
well	well how about i put it this way:rn i b
e now that i had to struggle to overcome	i've never heard of someone wanting to m
s too boring without that many struggles	i feel like you might be thinking of lif
yes i def am	dead on huh lol
da wishing it was lol but it hasn't been	what did you want to happen lol
its kinda an irrational desire	you fight and chase down the boston bomb
also having a metal leg seemed cool	"dear santa, this year for xmas i want t
🐱	the idea might be cool but we both don't
ya that's what i kinda realized	it might trivialize their struggles if t
 are the things i have yet to experience	really? have you ever felt like welp shi
periencing them as like a middle age man	i can assure you it doesn't matter how o
maybe that's too optimistic	i don't think ppl who survived the atomi
person from being pounded with radiation	the hulk did
🐱	yeh i see what you mean
bably helped inspire him to innovate tho	he wasn't the person who innovated first
ed, more opportunities for me to develop	you know ppl tend to want to better thei
ably "remarkable" would be the best word	well let me put it kind of blunt, time i
t me wishing some things could have been	i like how this all comes back to you wa
ol. that's a common theme for me i guess	idk if this is a downer or not, but no o
ya but i mean he did both lol	yeh of course he did lol but your point 
he world a much better and changed placr	yeh i know you would choose the second o
said "i'm not sure that i want to be me"	yeh, you may want it now but when you're
t, cuz he feels like it needs to be done	it's not binary dude, you can be happy a
i mean that would've the dream obviously	i think musky has clearly failed in that
i guess bill gates	this is becoming intensely hypothetical 
mine if we get chapter 6a, 6b, 6c, or 6d	yeh no shit lol
ye	i have no doubt in my mind that cmu said
oh nope	can you get me one for b block?
ya sure	where should we meet up so you can hand 
 be getting to school in the next 30 min	ayyy
🐱	🐱
i'm at the balcony tables now	kkkk
oh are you going on that japan trip?	i can barely afford the parts to an elec
so no?	depends idk
in terms of trips	yeh but servos
do u have enough money for that lol	no
can i grab it during b block?	yeh but you should get to school quick t
when does it end	ends at 8:20
ok	when you gonna be dere?
probably around 8:05	sounds good
are you at ur house currently?	yup
i will	dude i did some more research on skatebo
🐱	i also think it's very possible to make 
if ur crossing a road lol	built-in manual override
ok i'll be there in a few minutes	nioce
here	kkkkkkk
? shit what hapoened	#i'msohumble
🐱	humblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumb
hum hum hum hum hum ble ble ble ble ble	aight, if we're actually going to do thi
lol ok. when would we work on it tho	i'll make a folder and share it
we already have a folder lol	we do?
lol ya	i think i might get a penny board for re
a what?	it's a type of skateboard
how much are they	https://www.google.com/search?safe=stric
do u wanna be social and grab lunch lol	i'm at rwdc lol
lol ok	where u at
we're at toscanos	lol
do u wanna come?	nah
do u want any food?	nah i'm aight
taking a dump	bruh
🐱	stop prestalking me
by the gym	we need to conserve water
🐱	i'm going to go to the junkyard and scav
nything at the junkyard worth scavenging	no lol
:d	lost mine lol
do u have ur textbook?	not sure where it is
welp	the snow didn't come
the snow is coming tomorrow night	🐱
🐱	botball for winblock and d block?
h reading but it should take like 20 min	i'll get you passes lol
ck without one i think i have mrs.decamp	wait
lol	where u at
taking the bus home	boring
i live so far from downtown :'(	max is blowing up shit
what's happening	look at the swobo in boston chat
instant cold ones	you wanna go to japan?
ly been to anywhere in asia except china	that's like every parameter for the trip
unless this 6 fig salary works out lmao	i wonder if we could test the skateboard
lol	that snow day is looking strange
quick turn on the fans	grab all the dust removers and start spr
🐱	🐱
which ones did u get	chris parsons
for tests lmao	alright
🐱	ez pz
also wut is this musi app	idk
wait is this the actual app	it's basically a shitty youtube
ow what you think of it in the feedback"	lmao
what do u mean exactly by "dive into it"	get the parts, build an electric longboa
oh shit right	do you mind if i just buy the parts and 
these parts are pretty expensive	i just really want to work on something 
 the whole project tomorrow after school	money is useless if you don't spend it
talk about budget and goals etc.	the budget is whatever i can find in my 
this is why you would be the perfect cro	i'd rather be poor and have all the part
well	exactly
can be not poor and have the right parts	the right parts are not always the coole
more like 4 and 5:45	sure
its not working	yo i feel
i have the displacement in radians	jenn has pics of my work
i gruesomely overthought this question	the radian value is ridiculous lol
i dont think that will end well	as a fellow leg man i understand his tro
its a sign	i'm surprised that you of all people don
3 trees toppled over lol	holy shit
🐱	my ass hurts so much
uzpage donate: http://tedcruz.org/donate	wait
🐱	when do you wanna talk "budget"
hmm	nice time lol
lol	you down for any time?
uh wanna call at 8:30?	yeh sure
realized i have 2 mun calls now and at 9	bruh
one with the officers one with other ppl	ew
lol	still in a mun meeting?
st from mahacks cold emailing experience	you can see if people viewed your email?
eplies if your looking for an internship	🐱
we can also talk about skateboard then	are you at the school rn?
ya	kkkkk
jk i'm at your house now	wait are you srs lol
no lol	you can come over if you want but then w
ok i'm in the caf in my usual spot	kkkkkk
i just forged it lol	lol
coming	oh wait i have a strict study hall teach
oh	it worked lol
🐱	how much trouble do we get in if we get 
sorrows in underage girls and nosebleeds	lol thanks man
ah	i see you're typing a lot
lol	if it's comfort stuff i'm fine lol
how many u still hearing back from?	like a shit ton lol
lol	bruh wut
bly could pull off that type of shiz lol	i feel like before i would've been troub
d be good, just after sci oly states tho	🐱
the lyrics are what i need	are you feeling stressed and burned out?
 most number of schools applied probably	someone got waitlisted 7 times
vent so my response is gonna be sporadic	geezus
every weekend	that's insane
it's mainly with family friends	ahh
ya	could you get the back door in like 2 mi
ye sure	do you still plan on coming here tonight
are u guys at maxes house?	nah
at the lib	so you can't help out with build stuff?
 currently i might be able to come later	kkkkk
how goes it so far?	i wanna die
h building would we be able to get done?	jk it's 9 pm and i'm still searching for
🐱	boi
do u think it's worht it for me to come	alright at least we know the basic setup
we can grind it out on thurs	ok, so then i'll close up shop for today
the barn is calling	🐱
ou know feels down! dedicated to collin.	lol thanks man
i wish this happened next week tho	don't think i can even open my window
cuz sci oly states prep	cuz of sci oly?
into boston tomorrow to show swobo round	holy shit my basement is freezing
hmm idk maybe later in the afternoon?	let's put a hard number on it lol
give me a min	wait you're doing that rn?
at some pt today	do you have your schedule figured out lo
waiting on jason	if he almost died walking to david's
also i'll probably go to his house	you're going to die
ehh it was gonna happen anyways	don't say shit like that lol
psh it's true lol	super edgy
let's do 4	🐱
:'(	probably me
🐱	i bet max is a slayer
lol	i haven't even gone to a party with alco
well same	ha
ut being very clear about our objectives	the first objective is to make a regular
 something i can dedicate enough time to	 foxy roxy called you.
🐱	and it's not "life-coaching" it's called
they also have lots of moving sculpturws	since the robots were made under funds f
:/	4 waitlists
which ones?	all the ones that came out saturday
estly tho you would be perfect at oregon	lol no need for those kinds of words
average so u would be the big fish there	that's a huge lie
easily get that legged robot opportunity	jonathon hurst is there
i meant out of the students	and mikhail barn-man jones?!
who dat	barn-man
i meant among students	nah, never overestimate yourself
 and then ez pz path to agility robotics	the moment i do that, is the moment i be
is it just "estimating"	i don't think there is one lmao
d robots that u can't find anywhere else	yeh you're right about that
ou to do what u want to do in the future	i'm starting to think more about it
thankssss	sorry about the late personal congrats i
no idea i haven't fully processed it yet	i'm starting to feel like our convos are
how r u feelin?	the oregon project is more on my mind th
u want it to be able to move in the ball	the ball so that when it rains or snows 
like the killer dog in black mirror	moving in a ball maybe if the terrain is
of some sort that they're fear mongering	yeh cuz that shits dangerous mannn
🐱	actually what do you think about ai lear
wdym	ai and robots are always in controlled e
s your talking about just robots with ai	i meant in the actual wild and robots sp
all ur web searches, all ur tailored ads	that stuff has a more intrinsic part of 
mmmmmmmmmmhmmmmmmm	remote operating ballistic omnipotent ta
nah i'm on the way back	fuk
 bunch of practices tho for other events	welp shit lol
oh	yeh
welp	there was at one point we were sitting a
it doesn't hurt to	for a second there i forgot who i was ta
c were gonna meme no matter where we are	you're gay, i'm not gay >>>:(((((
🐱	🐱
nterests kinda differ in terms of fields	of fucking course it'll be sicc!
high schools not over yet tho	and we aren't cool enough to ride skateb
yet	fuk
🐱	🐱
nah i have a latin test g block as well	🐱
🐱	there are so many kids vaping rn
which ones do we still need done?	mission possible
.have u checked in on their progress?	🐱
ok	how ya feeling now?
hbu?	i feel a lot more concrete on what i wan
 can definitly do it with ur skillset rn	i wanna make one from scratch
idea what a fuckin inverse kinematics is	electronics and all
🐱	but surprisingly there are less people c
it didn't load correctly lmao	i think we should fix your computer
hift key and click refresh to try again"	now that's a good error message
lol wut	what savages are our fellow men
i hope	https://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robo
there was a hitchiker bot	https://www.cnn.com/2015/08/03/us/hitchb
ok well phily is trashy	i know why the grasp lab never tests out
t to take apart things and that's normal	did you just assume that?! you fucking r
 robot they will be interacting with lol	i mean if a kid takes apart little anima
ah	shelly the turtlebot is from korea
ots having rights in the future are dumb	i feel like you're a biggot
ts that aren't sentient and can't suffer	🐱
🐱	jk i have the sentiment
well animals have rights	you wake up one day, ask your alexa what
.com for the full interactive version...	i think it's more like this
 the voice who sings it really annnoying	in a survival situation in which you are
ya	why did you add it to your playlist then
ye cuz its catchy	i also would like to live in a future wh
u just need to teach the robots rad	but then it'll fall to the *dark side*
true	aight, so you're not going to be availab
but i can stay pretty late	aight party at my house
i have it due tomorrow	🐱
yo roy where u at?	doing work
also vivienne has the mousetrap here	probs 5?
finished an experimental design practice	k i'm at my house now
lol wut	it fucking exists
 you called foxy roxy.	washu in bumfuk nowhere was an l
she said yes	if she tries to kill you i'll get the ka
lol	does this mean you're going to her junio
yup	wowowow
lol	are you sure you can afford two proms?
which one is the 2nd steve jobs movie	the better one
hich one is the 2nd steve jobs movie lol	2015
oh i thought you already saw that	nah i saw the first jobs movie, which wa
the ashton kutcher one?	yup yup
ibe to coming soon: http://bit.ly/h2v...	what the fuck
e my thoughts when creating the position	🐱
 keep every other build team on schedule	wait i didn't know that was your vision 
d probably handle all the parts ordering	bruhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
rs manage build events at regional meets	where did this exist?
ke 1 -3 person group on each build event	can we do a call? my fingers/wrist/forea
welp im not at home rn	family event right?
*quiet	ahh
nah im not lol	when you're chewing out your employees i
 to rethink our approach to build events	the best position should've been cfo
idk where we could store materials tho	the 1-3 ppl who are tackling a single bu
what other songs are good?	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdhju_cn
people to use them for negative purposes	i mean the lower class in general don't 
w robots" but i'm not gonna comment that	i would argue that the vocal minority is
from instagram comments	my toilet is too comfortable
at 4	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zbul
 vara has all the data that we collected	damn bruh
mahoney shut down online gym :'(	bruh
ppl who physically cann9t take gym or pe	bruh
🐱	that's why you're my bro
🐱	lol so much for ai time at da bois house
but before and after that	you also was able to hang out with frien
nd putting a little check mark each time	you could start doing that
i promise :'(	lmaooo
yaya	tears you left me on read
lmaoo	fuck you responded lol
lol ya too slow	fuk, you responded
vara's got the practice	i'm not fast enough like vara
he just snipes	master at his craft
woah how do u check?	that's more than i earn in a year
oh i think thats iphone only	ahh ic ic
lmao	not skilled enough
🐱	shit man
 their robots would probaly be less cool	itll be boringgg
he'll make spot minis with flamethrowers	holy shit
k i l l e r   r o b o t s	"dark side"
d to actually video tape their test runs	they do have blooper vids
robot marriage	we'll both probably be more annoyed by t
t we don't even need graphs on this lab?	yup
hat vara just sent me a few min ago lol)	holy shit
thankss	no problemo
:'(	bruhhh
well i have to do a final check	i just passed it in
just got a pass	🐱
🐱	shittt i'm really behind on work
did you die again	i'm fucking hyped
or do u think it's more psychological	lmao gud more, doctors
 cold, harrowing burden of consciousness	i worked out with sam at the end of scho
ike you need to see a doctor i'm serious	i'm also having a hard time getting myse
if this has happened for weeks	that's a new progression
lay it all out	i don't think there's anything that shou
ow your last semester of school would go	no lol
wdym"	when i thought about your question about
but did you have any beforehand?	idk, i don't have a current project goin
 is not the way i was imagining it to be	i did apply to some jobs and stuff, but 
n't working on any major projects right?	i don't recall any times like that
i'm just spitballing	i didn't really expect anything in the p
 to do it with the resources you have rn	it's not practically impossible, it is i
lmk what i can do	i have rwdc after sci oly tomorrow lol
🐱	🐱
nd its even better than hurst or raibert	idk, technically speaking, i had more re
e to sneak in depending on the venue lol	the westin boston waterfront425 summer
lol true	i know technical wise what i learned fro
complished is extraordinarily remarkable	there's a japanese dude who made a coupl
perience, or at least college experience	doesn't say on his blog, but he does hav
probably before u turn 20	it's easy to do when you're making stuff
egged robot is what makes you remarkable	maybe it's just relative, i don't compar
ou just have to keep in mind the context	it's probably a left over from the artsy
you artsy cuck	lol
who dafuq is claude monet	https://www.metmuseum.org/toah/images/hb
its a bridge	"bridge over a pond of water lilies"
ai can draw better than that	oh shit i just outted myself as an art h
books. ur just gonna be staring at paint	i know i shit on steve jobs a lot, but h
me but i think they apply more to you rn	haha oh man
h to do and only so many hours in a day.	we're probably going to live by this son
its soo good	maybe it's cuz of the lyrics and the ove
ose being hurst himself (if u go to osu)	yeh you're right
now get some rest old man, its 12:00	we're basically the same age
u feeling better tho?	yeh
or i could start ai now	i should stop thinking about everything 
ly happy doing it. i think u can do both	haha thanks man, but i think a similar t
have fun with math packetting and parts	lol thanks thanks
gnight :)	wanna work on chad b block?
ctually forgot i need to finish a mathxl	aight
did u see my update in the discord?	i need to finish that math packet lol
lol	mkkkkk
nah got track noe	ewwww
i can come down second half of the block	i wasn't able to get a pass
ptsd	i'm going to go down to get a pass for g
sounds good	pressing spot and dock is supposed to re
 last time and it didn't fix the problem	ay lmao
 don't k what actually fixed the problem	ay lmao
yet	to make legged robots that deliver packa
that's good	their main application goals rn are pack
d has been their youtube videos thus far	yeh that's true, agility sold a product 
idk what bd's company goals are	they wanna make dinosaurs
the start to create a marketable product	everyone is a cro at bd
t did it there bc hurst got a job at osu	that's pretty insane if he was the catal
any movie recs	steve jobs 2015
ok	wait
lol what	lol don't worry about it
t was really good for the part i watched	ahhh
 part where he was about to get on stage	oh man that leads to such a goood parttt
rather than telling his whole life story	yeh it does paint woz positively, but wh
t fails but then he's reinvited to apple	i do think woz was correct for making th
you should comeeeeee	hmm idk still
what kind of jobs are u looking for?	internships with money
but idk if that's what u wanna be doin	yeh robotics
its radial analytics	what the fuk is that
basically ros and autnomous racecar	but i wanna work on robots with effector
i wanna do more my own exploration in ai	yeh i wanna explore more robo
lol	i'm a choosing begger
where have u applied thus far?	i forget
or apply	that was apply
have u heard back?	heard back from the organizer
tell jen i said hi	she said why
🐱	nah she knew lol
lol oh	how you doing
nervous bout what	oh nvm
debating whether or not to go to mr. whs	you probably should
itely think it humanizes jobs a lot more	lo siento i'm still doing rwdc lol
lol ok	apparently there are three chapters of p
eed to study for an econ test as well so	wait there was d block today?
oh	wait shit what day is today
what day is it today	i just soent all my money on more parts 
its day 2	bdcgf
*bcdgf	doing rwdc until 1-2am for two days stra
you guys are really grinding	my ass has been grinded to a pulp
🐱	🐱
ya sure	i'm on the green now
oh do u mean the all theway back door	lol
lol ok	every single post in this group is the s
me post style but with legged robot pics	i would be ostracized immediately
u gotta show them who's boss	why is hurst there
who's nerd boss	hursts' lab is full of nerdy white bois 
huh	yeh i got nothing lol
lol	actually, one common thing among all the
7% asian, not too bad	that's a lot of hispanics
ck ppl they didn't even put a percentage	i don't think i've ever seen more hispan
s black ppl on the west coast in general	8% essentially
ye	9.1% ethnicity unknown
probably	oh wait then i think i fall under that c
they have close to 50/50 gender ratio	is that supposed to be impressive lol
n struggling a lot with the gender ratio	let's be real doe
true	boiiiii
uhh mun shit	🐱
lol	i guess i should change my wardrobe
🐱	btw this stuff clocked in under 400
oh shit u already bought everything?	when i said i bought the parts and i'm b
you owe me $569	🐱
realy cool robotics conference in europe	if it's not at eth zurich, iit, or oxfor
welp	unless it's from softbank but the office
well you'll be prepped for opportunities	the only legged robotics companies are a
it would be so fun	same
ya	you down for d block?
oming down now but i need to redo a pass	🐱
i lost the other one lol	how did you do that...
 ceramic animals is actually really good	yeh dude
yo roy did u do #2 on the mathxl?	we don't have the same mathxl lol
shit i meant web assign	gonna have to get it in between blocks
*midway pt	thanksgiving
actually nvm i'm dumb	wait wut lol
nothing	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1icj7
like it tho it really shows your passion	holy crap, you read it that fast?
uz i can't really give feedback on those	lol thanks
nk of u as both lab and intern candidate	oh tru tru, "i've heard that you've secu
e mill looking for a summer job type ppl	no way
o specifically wants to do legged robots	how could ppl be working on legged locom
icrosatellite propulsion control systems	oregon kids then must have one of the gr
but i did accion for experience	bd, schaft, etc are not even connected t
ed the most recent news about them today	ok then i'll talk about being excited ab
nice	you still at the scrimmage?
i probably won't be done until like 6 :/	ouch....
what drill?	ben said that you have my drill lol
btw have u heard any news for ivys?	1/10
?	i used to bat 1/8
ah	this email to hurst is all i'm riding on
ah	actually i'm about to rewrite it
why?	on the chance that he actually did see m
 wanna reply to this fucker who emailed"	oof folks got mad at me for wanting to s
n't think you were coming off too strong	yeh that's what i thought too, this work
any work so i feel like watching a movie	yeh sure
maybe a more light hearted one	lol
it is that the one with samuel l jackson	then there's a beautiful mind, it's abou
tty good mix from ceramic animal as well	they generate the best mixes lol
need to make up a latin quiz	you were marked absent i think
welp	maybe you can get it excused
most over i gotta max out those absenses	🐱
i didn't i just fell asleep lol	niceeeeee
that's disgusting	🐱
ll a block cuz i need to go comfort vara	i have physics a block lol
h he just got hit pretty hard by college	didn't get what he wanted?
5 reject/waitlists	holy crap
ye	so many ppl are depressed lol
ya....	lmaooo
🐱	it's almost official
dude u were meant for the hurst	i've been denied at literally every sing
they probably got scared away	rejected from berkeley
? wdym	i'll tell you the whole story another ti
omething he did cuz of college decisions	yeh it's partly about how val and i both
which ones you still waiting for?	cmu umich and weedtown
cmu?	🐱
be more and more perfect for u every day	what makes you say that besides the fact
🐱	geezus
 sure you are in a position to stand out	it's just a bit disheartening to think t
monkeys? ℗ 2006 domino recording co l...	i like how we have songs now that fit ea
ye	and really thanks man, it may be physica
eyy that's the spirit	i still just really wish other ppl got i
i think so :/	how have you been feeling though?
us can just hang out and enjoy senior yr	tru tru
like chris ethan and jen	chris yang???
i think so	awww
said he's probably deciding northeastern	ah ic ic
ya i feel	it's also just a bit sad to know that co
ya unfortunately	and to answer your question of where/wha
ya	https://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robo
how do they get money tho lol	idk actually
where are u even practicing?	the street
ok	🐱
yo roy when do u guys come back?	2 am
lol i wonder why	it's insane
i got rejected lmaooo	shit
from who? lol	sam
but he probably only read the caption	yeah i did
lmao how was anime con?	it was actually pretty fun
are you still there?	nope
lol ok	the college decision thing came full cir
well u still have one more right?	hurst still hasn't responded though t_t 
oh i thought u applied to cmu	and the only one i would go over instead
ah	i wanted to visit and see the coris inst
ments and remind them to reply to things	time to email barn man
lol	jk, probs going to email honors college 
utional needs and priorities = black ppl	thanks for reminding me
sorry	lol
nd feature live streaming technology,...	sure you can ask me for physics question
 individual smash tournaments at cpw lol	cpw?
*sporcle	what is cpw
for mit	ahh
its the one mr. b loves	lol alright
 ya theres a lot of nerdy stuff going on	msg me when the party is insane
in the most nerdiest way too	how did they do it?
 on deciphering a document, very chaotic	geezus
nah it was a groupme	ahhh
bruhhhhhhhhhh we could totally do this	i showed you that before lol
oh wut	🐱
it just came out a few weeks ago	the design was made years ago
what else would u use tho lol	beaglebone perhaps
ell its basically a copy of google glass	if you really want we can make our own v
or other wearable tech projects	lol that sounds fun
 already got all the materials and stuff	though are you sure you want to work wit
chool who could even make such a project	i mean when you're at mit lol
in high school tho to learn some lessons	yeh perhaps
how is that goin btw?	i can longboard kind of
erms of working on projects and learning	idk i think in just more insecure now lo
:/	it's hard to believe in yourself when so
also send letters to all your waitlists?	i can't send a letter to buzz
what are your other waitlists?	i'll see how hurst works out
gtech's transfer acceptance rate is 51%	lmao my "safeties" killed me
be wooping my ass in smash will help lol	i have 5 tests in the first half of the 
ue? i thought competition was april 22nd	🐱
 why are u guys flying out on april 22nd	there's a presentation component
ah ok	maybe i should go visit oregon and see w
ey should have a visiting weekend right?	and you are honestly right that it's lik
 but for engineering u should be all set	i also first thought that prestige wasn'
really ppl do that?	i notice that ppl tend to discuss colleg
 it unless the other person brings it up	but this time, self-fulfilling feelbads
spring preview coming april 6th and 13th	they also can't fly me out lol, i asked 
who's they?	osu
wow	gotta find some sandpaper
they'll pay for the ticket right?	probably
a fully immersive 360-degree experience.	i found out about my acceptance by wakin
ctually pursue ur dream of legged robots	yeh and i really appreciate it
e cool projects and just enjoy senior yr	you know what's cool? being able to be t
ave ur reasons and they're totally valid	that's true i suppose
 sure other ppl who know u better do too	i can't say enough how grateful i am to 
nah i suck at emotional shit lol	i suppose the last thing that was naggin
re about ur creations than ur background	haha they say that you usually find life
lol	ahh ic ic
, i think they care more about da brands	guess i'm lucky to be at this age when l
🐱	but i'm sure you know what i mean
 to find someone u can vibe with so well	and here i was thinking you might be gay
🐱	lol
lmao really	yeh dude
step aside mike	lmaooo
yup cya	and yeh if you wanna make the glasses th
ok	wow
i forged a pass for u if u need one	i need to study for the psych test and t
lock lol so i wont make too many changes	sounds good
with christoph	nah, i have to study
and jen says u can work on rwdc here	it'll be easier with the double monitors
u sure? u could just come to eat lol	got more tests tomorrow too
seniorrrrrrrrr	it'll look bad if both she and i skipped
cleanup service here if u change ur mind	haha thanks
ps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xagxwuwqopa	that is propaganda bullshit
 much technical evidence to support rhat	but they keep showing clips of hardware 
as been able to deal with it responsibly	yeh i feel
d try to get your parents to let u visit	nah, we just absolutely don't have the f
ah ok	i need to find a copy of legged robots t
probably ur best bet is used books	or the trash can :'(
🐱	this doesn't feel right
what doesn't feel right	do i really deserve something like this 
didnt he just invite u to visit his lab?	at this point i thought i would just go 
ecommend anyone from osu it's gonna be u	probably should go fix my hair when i'm 
ity wont be ready for such enlightenment	i'll go down that homeless route from ch
u need to find ur tammy	i'll be rooting for you to find your ell
y girl who agrees to have dinner with me	but have you ever even kissed a girl bef
lol no	don't worry
ppl are horny af	japan already made porn vr games
 becomes a toy for ppl with leg fetishes	i would end that so quickly
ough in ai technology i would endorse it	holy shit
hey its primarily the hardware	vr or ar could really take off ;)
why?	sarah asked if i was free friday
i'm going after sci oly	ooh ic ic
ye u should come	is k here today?
at the junior fin lit assembly thing	kkkk
on't think i'll be there during winblock	here's a progress report
ok	i'm not sure what we're going to do for 
inconsistent in which way	i also fiddled with the teeth a bit but 
uh	maybe the arm doesn't have enough time t
ok sweet	there's been an interesting push for hri
wdym?	nah i just noticed there's been more new
i just got fucked in the aas	where you at
physics	i'm in the hall
i got fisted a 2nd time	🐱
r u still skateboarding	yeee
i'm technically in e club rn	you wanna be cool nerd?
where r u rn?	almost st the school
do u need me to open a door	i'm behind you
oh i'm in the botball room	bruh lol
smart choices	not many places will let you go make a l
hat's a preview of what you'll get there	unlimited resources
urces without being accountable for them	jk jk
also when did u decide on camille? :o	iman's been bringing it up for a while
oh camille already knows?	and then i said i was joking and she sai
that direct approach	holy shit, da heck bruh lol
nah i was fucked up already	i was also kind of hesitant since i thou
r just asking her to prom it's no biggie	yeh that was my concluding thought to it
uh end of may i think	oh after we get out of school?
no actually may 12th	maybe you can get the opposite of arctic
jk	don't do that lol
ooh actually ya	i bet that'll be nice
is the farthest from the slow dance type	that's a real good point
lol ew	can you forge me a pass lol
ya sure lol	wait jk k is back
i'm at botball now	stairs are going to kill me
oh what	i got a call from the fellowship while i
damnnn son	so i heard, are you still free for the 1
whats the company?	should i call again?
or they just called u lol	both
hmmm	i think i'm going to call again
ok	oh shit it's confirmed
but which is the one your interning for	she didn't say which place, apparently t
nternship confirmed or just the banquet?	lol and here i thought it would go like 
thats holding the banquet	afcea
🐱	looks like i'm officially walking the pa
y probably have plenty of parts to steal	really? how big are they? i didn't do th
 of history with government and military	wow
did they say when the banquet is?	lol that would be funny
ll probably be the afcea gala on may 5th	lol you're fast at googling
even if ur joining the d a r k s i d e	🐱
lol	you at the school rn?
but i'm not working on chad rn	aight i suppose i can drop by
what talk	https://events.attend.com/f/1383784152#/
ur opening speaker for the first mahacks	wait really lol
well idk what it's about	there isn't much info about it besides i
ure if i can get out of track that early	you can say you have a doctor appointmen
i think i've already made that excuse	maybe say you're feeling sick?
i've also already done that one lol	apparently my folks met yours in san die
what	what is the time frame for track
how	idk my pops just walked to me and told m
*werent	oh wait
lol ok	jeffery is my cousin
ahh	he's our age, and is in jhu
hmmm so the events in northeastern?	yup yup
like family thing came up out of the blu	oooh ic ic
fribo	nah dude it's not an assistant
 nice to have this for ashley in chicago	wanna make one for her?
ow many "living noises" it can recognize	idk
s my cpw host: http://joelgustafson.com/	things were cool until
so that's where i'll be staying	holy shit you're going to be joining a f
mit predicted my intentions	maybe that individuality mindset is why 
doesn't mean ppl will lose individuality	the moment that everyone starts thinking
ree on things that are objectively false	that's true, but the idea that a hive mi
is compromised than that is really scary	isn't that an ideal version of the inter
 it will be an evolution of the internet	but google's control over the informatio
thanks :'(	not a criticism and more of a question
intell	(i wouldn't count bd since they never ac
how do u define mit tech startup?	"intel was founded in mountain view, cal
ompanies whos founders were grads of mit	lol wat
for incubating startups until like later	if we are talking about the grads of ppl
buzzfeed	buzzfeed?!
khan academy	idk if you wanna be tied to that name
who became full companies	very little
it at harvard cuz he was still a student	the original database was taken from har
how many startups do you know in general	i can name you a shit ton of robot start
ard about even if they're very succesful	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojtfocng
ya but i mean like high profile startups	and they also had lots of internal drama
ompanies even if they make a huge impact	that brings up an old question i think i
en is like inventin carbon nanotubes now	(btw that article was an interesting rea
like elon musk	this joel guy is quite the intellectual 
hat cast woz didn't actually make the pc	yeh exactly
e i never took anything back to my house	welp shiz
i don't really want anything	once i get my first paycheck i'll get ya
t really get u anything except cold ones	a shit ton of cold ones then?
's fine tho i don't really need anything	how about
d me to put all my accion money in there	some people wisely save their money for 
ut how it only makes sense for long term	you think i'mma live _that_ long??
also i'm at the mall and i'm so lost	why are you at the mall lol
 and idk when i will be able to slip out	you can say you have a dentist appointme
lol so he might get really pissed	perhaps you can be like "college stuff"
but i won't lol	if you don't mind (idk if you are able t
it was fun just got back	wowow
 wierd to put on clothes not from costco	holy fuck
it was more of a friend date	what is that supposed to mean
ya i'm heading back	🐱
?	the company i'm at this summer
oooh	he was an employee, got contracted on th
do u k what ur gonna be doing there	nope no idea
thanksss	we'll go grab some cold ones and meme an
sounds good	i'm almost done with the chad log
do u have track pants i could borrow lol	yeh but where are you
i just got back from field trip	when does the train leave?
2:43	otherwise we can switch pants lol
do u have class rn?	i'm in math
i'm in a study for the rest of break	would you be up for that?
l i'm fine with switching pants if u are	wait my pants aren't the best for track 
st me to stop by your house to grab them	my house is locked lol
oh welp	i think i can skate there and get back
ith a key i can also run back and get it	if this kind of stuff happens next year 
's ok there'll be extra pants in my frat	bye
🐱	btw
rn	extra pants that the girls left behind f
🐱	yeh i'll just be skating as fast as i ca
ants while we have a friendly discussion	lol
thanks for the pants in advance	are you on the street?
ok i'm there	the street?
i'll just walk toward ur house	holy crap i thought the outbound was min
lmaooo	i'm lost already
oh lmao	the organizers and rus are here now lol
perfect networking time	they're having a convo separately
hould still go up and introduce yourself	i'll wait until they finish their convo 
? how	oh wait not turned down
e best time while barely anyone is there	crap there are so many ppl around her no
r they all trying to talk to her?	yeh lol
welp	there's like 5 ppl around her now
that will get her attention	what if i get rejected
lmaoo	hmmm
really? why	the moment i did their tone and discussi
there are scanner apps on ur phone	oh smart
🐱	tru
fuck you	did ya finish the webassign?
sshit	here you go
aw shit there are 3 of them	number 5 isk = 23/48 mr^2 w^2, but w b
st email carlson asking for an extension	yeh lol, it's a grind
lol wut	ppl are harassing robots
told you how i might be kidnapped at cpw	wat
encetell me the next day how it goes"	don't do drugs dude
i'm gonna get kdinapped ol	where does buzz find this legendary leve
that technician	"these gloves are not good for this purp
dcore frat parties on saturday night lol	wait are you serious
ofc dude	aight
sses[]=groups%3a%3ameetings%3a%3ameeting	i mean there are 2 worst case scenarios
does osu have frats?	idk actually
🐱	🐱
i'll check them out	zeta psi huh?
isn't it godfather	reservoir dogs
ah ok	or maybe it's goodfellas by martin scors
there's a godfather painting on the door	lol nah man godfather only had a handful
ay they're frat is more quirky than most	idk why i keep assuming i know frats, al
so no hardcore parties	so i shouldn't come visit on saturday?
🐱	that's a tad disappointing
ya it's a nice frat	ahh ic ic
about to go see atlas	i've never seen a baxter with a differen
my tour guide is from the leg lab lol	holy shit what
he's a sophomore so he did an urop	they're like the hallmark of a nice robo
🐱	skating makes you more tired than i firs
oh shit forgot abour that	it's so nice today
slayin girls left and right	i don't think i'm doing that
because u slayin them too hard	also this book proposes that the control
that's today at 10	yooo
i might stop by one of the ragers later	the 10 thing is supposed to be a rager?
idk it sounds like it	did alexandria tell you what it was in t
inner panther with the bros of nu delta"	who knows dude, maybe cheetah guy will c
it went until 4:30 am	"inner panther"well a panther is a typ
it was sicc tho	tangerine?
we also sat on top of the big dome	oh wow, so you got to see all the inside
an no one checks so u could totally come	lol, aight whenever i get the chance to 
how come?	rwdc, which also leads me to have to get
is it just practicing presentations?	there's a lot to present
wait what do you need to catch up on?	i don't even understand some of the equa
well thats normal	normal isn't the goal though
i cant come today	wipe that smirk off your douche face
ok thanks!	there's so many new problems
ya sure uh how about like 8	sounds good
🐱	no ones here lol
i'll probably come to botball afterwards	i heard the mun meeting takes like three
ya i don't think it will tho	we've just had our biggest failed run
ouch	🐱
wait whats happening to chad	i'm going to kill myself
🐱	wait
but jen isnt going to the mun meeting	ohhh
ya she would murder me if she heard that	meet any ellies at mit?
lol no	wat
frosh. im gonna see her again at visitas	lol
we said we would meet up at visitas	boiii
🐱	🐱
nto her as one of the first people i met	destiny?
but we dont k eachother well enough	i'll be your wingman
^link^	wow her last name is almost yours
she also loves going to hackathons	this is too good man
what r u doing in boston?	ros meet
sicc	if you wanna come you should sign up asa
i think ill pass for this one	whoa
woah	should i submit this as a big?
i mean u could if u wabt	i'll fucking due the shit out of zuck
🐱	now you just have a red mark lol
but turns out shes not goung shopping	oh
i dont like her in that way	just really close friends?
*close	so who would be a really close friend th
ya	🐱
i have no good reason to be awake	are ya just chatting with ppl or somethi
ya lol	go get em tiger
mainly girls lol	lol
:'(	are you just feeling lonely and stufd
t in a conversation and it went to girls	here's some not super edgy but kinda alo
when ru getting here?	shit
the image is really creepy lol	geezus dude what are you doing up so lat
for winmun	ooh gam i i
wbu	gambino
lol	this was the song from the beginning of 
appella group at mit that performed this	it's probably cuz i heard it so much alr
tho also not really my type of music	ahh ic ic
psh im fineeee	are you just thinking more about the fut
i just don't feel tired yet	that could be all the sugar from yesterd
oh wut	ikr didn't expect that
lol he's salty	chad can pick up botguy?
lol only 70% meming	...
btw r u doing senior assassin?	it's not mandatory?
e shooting ppl with water guns mandatory	maybe i'll do it
t ya it would be super easy to get u ngl	what happens after you get your target t
is out, and you get your target's target	ooohhh
$20 from ethan	are you serious
 just don't bring electronics everywhere	🐱
🐱	you're doing it?
ya	i honestly probably won't know who my ta
hey i found harvard's robot	holy fuck only ten
how's rwdc?	we finished
🐱	she's 20
damn	she also got rejected from every college
she a cougar?	even after working at the robotics insti
aww that's really cool	her opening line during the alumni talk 
damn	just woke up completely
its spicy	max and david msg'd me today apparently
no you're not	🐱
who do u have?	what advantage would i gain if i told yo
s what i'm doing with most of my friends	who knows though
i have caroline conway	lmaoo dude you're going to try to peg on
ya lol	idk how i would get her though lol
hmm	oh wait nvm
l i think its eaiser bc shes someone u k	friday i have cyber cafe
nicee	is senior skip day on may 1st?
actually id	eh that's something to worry about later
lol oh no why did u ask her	just to confirm
u shouldve asked mark	fuk tru
but i think she suspects you now	nah she basically knows now lol
🐱	welp oops
g will happen until someone gets you out	i'm usually in the school or at home lol
lol but ur so close to the school	yeh that's tru
is the girl a pothead	she lives in cali now
is she from texas	pennsylvania
 date so i don't have to do them tonight	🐱
is that the ones due tonight	there's also one due tomorrow and i thin
shit	don't forget to talk to haver today too
ya lol i already made a bs  progress log	ayyyy
is trying to break into every market lol	feels like they're trying to be a more a
 of a media-grabbing company than spacex	really?? i thought that it wasn't able t
ya they can't yet	is it really that good of a business pla
it's just owned by jeff bezos	is he just trying really hard to be as p
nah blue origin is older than spacex	then what's his goal with it?
musk just did it better in less time lol	🐱
irst goal was a suborbital space vehicle	wat
probably in response to spacex	poor bezos, the media just kind of gloss
ya	do you have track today?
who killed u?	kate ryan
confirmed	who da fuk is shane lol
lol he's in our grade	i mean it is called senior assass
i heard they snuck into ur house	lol kind of
too used to random ppl going to ur house	feels bad
wdym	in an email they were talking about how 
ya i'm coming down now	got an eta?
holy shit this just happened	holy shit
so he has fcharlie	ahhh
and there are 3 passengers in the back	hmmm
jeremy can	aight
i'll do it	sounds good i'll just be packing up the 
ver at some pt and pick up stuff as well	you know the wheeled and four legged rob
ps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0tayhjpofo	every human on this earth has fallen bef
legs are creepy af	that's only if they're uncanny
that's still pretty creepy	the wifi is so crappy it didn't load for
🐱	i wanna meet someone who can identify ro
only for robotic legs	it's not a fetish
 an extreme passion for humanoid animals	no that's different
wdym more than our will	we can't really just say i like being wi
if you prioritize ppl over other factors	but what if the other factors are our ho
🐱	i woke up not too long ago lmao
u shouldn't skip and come with us	nah i still promised tomorrow
u can skip both tho lol	that's a lotta skipping lol
it's senior yearrrr enjoy it	nah i just don't want an n lol
spend more time with the boiiis	i gotta manage my time mannn
 you called foxy roxy.	wait a sec idk how long i can do stuff t
 u down to play board games after school	i haven't seen her
:d	congrats!!!
we watched there will be blood	duuudeee
rah said you guys are leaving afterwards	yeh prets much
what's the work thing?	holy shit the connections came full circ
lol	hmmm i hope i didn't seem douchey
dering it if it's the same price as osu?	it's definitely not the same price lol
ly u already got a big hookup from hurst	so you're saying the connection possibil
ked to legged robots and agility as well	what would i explore at nu that osu does
n't a lot of other robotics stuff at osu	nah osu is the steward for ros
r just other ya k --more viable-- fields	i thought that first
🐱	but that wouldn't make any sense
'll keep that connection if ur in oregon	are friendly email updates not enough lo
lol well it's not the same at least	yeh the connections here are a lot bette
re opportunities in legged robots at osu	you saying that i'm not good enough of a
 like every other asian aadhya points at	i have crazier hair
 more ppl pursuing the same thing as you	is it because there are a lot more gener
opposite at nu	that's a good point
nnections at osu are also better than nu	bruh you should know how certain i am
 of all the ppl hurst can hook u up with	if buzz says yes we might have this conv
lol np	that's the scary part though a lot of th
hmen he meets who are into legged robots	yeh good point
lol zame	who would've thunk that the school known
and ros	yeh right lol
stay safe!	i can't find the terminal
?	it's rather empty here
the what	wait oops
u better meming me rn	i am not
ru ok?	nah
ah ok	ok now i'm memory
oh gawd	oh there's more people now
🐱	hmmm
at echo?	yeh
damn they're like the main sponsor	what the heck lol
 seem to be pretty heated about that lol	was i? did i?
ray rays	what do you think are the chances that i
ot a thing in suburban massachusetts lol	damnit
same thing	luckily it's not a crowdsourced machine 
🐱	sarah where u at
not sure if i can make the study session	🐱
she yells at me anyways :(	she said vines
ould only stay there for like 30 min lol	you have a curfew?
 curfew but my parents want me home theb	i never knew lol
🐱	are you actually going to climb vo rn
maybe we can get in on it	well there are some stories of people co
i don't think there's a big difference	cuz the end result is the same?
rip	that's insane lol
or colleges of the same size and caliber	is it really worth it though
lol	which school is worth that much debt
ly pay for college in about 5 - 10 years	you know i don't care about pay
r earnings to improve their life quality	i just care about what kind of shit i ca
lol	but i don't think those are worth 70k un
🐱	srs though
lol	is it really that amazing of a school
 you're taking it too much at face value	but i'm a one sided guy who doesn't beli
s probably not the best field to look at	i think that's only applicable to ppl wh
maybe it isn't worth for robotics	lol we just reached the same point prett
stanfrod robotics to make a full opinoin	i would say the robotics institute might
tage of the opportunities at the college	the psychology majors at stanford are no
nd ofc they will be able to make it back	hmmm i don't know enough data of how muc
it's a $82,000 starting salary	but what field though
it doens't list by field, just by degree	all the generalizations of money ultimat
egree started out at a median of $35,700	🐱
 if they're getting an average of 82,000	above 35k can still mean like 45k lol
art history is probably like 45k	ok if we meet a super successful and ama
n of super succesffuly stanford students	but as long as that fucking paper skull 
ince its such a minor part of the school	minor
lol	jk
rything by their proficiency in robotics	you just watch me @_@
🐱	yeh but oregon is made out of weed
ou're getting the best deal on your weed	lol
but i don't imagine i'll do it a lot	*flash forward five years*
i might pull a gabe	that would be insane
 basements of mit into finished products	leaves delivered by legged robots
🐱	if control theory of robots eventually r
i can see the argument for nu	what was the argument for nu again?
ons, better city, wider range of options	wait, what do you mean by options
of fields of study and research	you mean majors not relating to robotics
🐱	pshh
the old botball captain	oh shit i read that as that she went to 
th both a bachelors and a masters degree	wait shit what
nsistent and the robots are kinda flashy	are they really that "consistent" doe
very few months for inexplicable reasons	i refute that adjective, tis not inexpli
🐱	i gotta say
but the 3d tour	🐱
lmao	i'm literally banking everything on the 
ould've scouted out good places to board	problem is what would i branch out to
u beat me	lmaoo, that's pretty funny that we can d
bad in what way?	his reasoning for it was things such as 
's standard of living collectively rises	but isn't "equality" of standard of livi
🐱	hmmm even if the wage gap is huge
 like 11 am from the robotics conference	bruh
ike in march when i turned in my ap form	wait so you skipped that so that you wou
i dont really want to miss the countdown	not gonna lie, i do not understand that
oing something on the last day of school	then again i thought that the concept of
🐱	idk why, but i've been thinking about ro
i thought it was fine	wait wut
e object goes in a straight line, i'm ok	bruh
:'(	i'm stuck on 2b rn, but i just realized 
 metric, just convert to feet per second	it's an itch that i must satisfy, must c
roy this is why we're single	motherfuking answer is in ft
lol	did you get around 9 ft?
i got 8.889	lmao fuk i'm on my last try
just to check	yeh sure
ca)(bs/ca)^2max distance = (1.) - (2.)	lmao i got 13 feet
yup	so for velocity it was ft/s and accel it
yup	fuk it really is 13 ft??
what are your numbers	nah it's correct lol
lol thanks	this is another indication perhaps as to
🐱	holy crap i forgot an article at the end
wow you filthy foreigner	you're not wrong
t know you came from a 3rd world country	damn
i don't think thats normal	lol i searched it up and google returned
and get your entire body checked out	psh
idk if lack of exercise would do it tho	maybe it's due to depression
🐱	https://www.theverge.com/2018/5/8/173320
thong u sent so i could properly respond	bruh it's fine lol
thanks lol	i got'chu bro
🐱	i gotta say though
are you actually tryng to?	i should try to be more "sociable"
also nice job at shakespeare day	thanks man
i'm coming again d block	i'm going to lose my voice
also i'm gonna be in china on june 14th	june 14th to when?
june 10th to 17th	oh that's good
oh for botball	yeh my voice is done for lol
woah what	yeah i thought you'd like to know about 
that's basically apps for robots right?	yeh essentially
nt hardware cinfigs of phones these days	yeh the internals would have to very sta
except for robots instead of toys	can you imagine that lol
or dinosaurs	tru
 foxy roxy missed a call from you.	yes i'm still home
feel better!	did you guys come over just to drop thes
ya but we were already downtown so	ahh
it's so easy to get into ur house	when i live by myself i'm going to have 
lol in ur tin hut?	yes
ady way more secure than what u have now	maybe also a camera
they actually sell a lot of those	what really
also u sure ur ok?	i just wonder if that's an actual viable
i mean bd is still alilve somehow	they haven't actually sold anything lol
t back to her house and played cards lol	shiz
ours will be way better	ohhh
 a different thing each day of this week	da fuk
e bike ride from my house is like 30 min	you live so far away
i eat what's in my fridge	i mean real food
at runs out i eat the plants in the yard	lol
ly's vegetarian u don't need a lawnmower	i feel like that's a line you've used mu
wow nicee	this is before i get told to fuk off and
was this at the daniella rus event	yeh
you seem bitter	just a bit salty
y is probably pretty small and connected	can't tell if that's a good thing or not
that's what college is for i guess	lol you'll become an expert in legged lo
not ai related	da heck is multi-sided platforms
ction in interaction between two parties	are you becoming a business man
so uber, airbnb, facebook	🐱
n bc they're becoming more prevalent now	oh wait i didn't even realize that categ
ya but not for that reason	facebook reduces your privacy, that make
 data but its not a multi-sided platform	it's not?
es have to be customers of that platform	like the bois provide the normies the ge
lmao	but what significance does this categori
sidered crazy with traditional economics	sounds like communism idk how i feel abo
wait that's not like communism at all	giving money to people is communism
 there's a need to regularly go to space	ima red blooded republican, i don't need
 think especially spacex is really smart	really? despite all its financial close 
and its kinda an entrepreneurial miracle	i argue that a realistic sex robot compa
true, i also forgot legged robots	what parts were brilliant though? i'm as
it worth studying for physics at this pt	lmao no
 knows how each part of the rockets work	be careful dude the moment you get hands
lol	but how much does he know though
is an engineer before he's a businessman	really? doesn't that make jobs and zucke
jobs?	oops
it has to say helloooo	well gates technically "stole"
ely do the founders actually act as ceos	oh tru, it's not like musk made the rock
nders of tech companies suck at business	yeh but you gotta keep the vision of the
bc of mit culture frowning upon business	if that was your only goal it might've b
the ceo appoints the cto lol	maybe i'm biased but i would think they'
i mean	with a more specific focus
the world is not the tech world	what
as like nahhh fuck you i'm gonna do both	lol who said that ship quote
and works with harvard faculty as well	well shiz they just laid it thick on ya 
i haven't checked	i think it might've been sent to me by m
that the day of the robotics conference?	nah day before
do u k what's happening there tho?	nope
*pre-event	time for me to flex my huge cfo muscles 
you'll miss the 2nd half of the marathon	you know what would solve this problem
a *wheeled* sheldon bot	is that a big bang reference?
just checked	whew
it might be like for everyone	so it's 100% ok to accept
you won't miss any movies	ayyyy
at's the time when well be eating dinner	perfect timing
nice	getting to massrobotics is a fucking has
where is it?	gotta go through the bus and train and s
that's like everywhere in boston lol	yeh but the bus?!
k if i feel safe with u alone on the bus	lmao
at least u have a phone now	i'll just use my longboard
 	it's just french for appetizers?! fuk, i
wearable tech :d	hmmm
but only music for robots	exactly
? for booz allen?	yes
it's about 44k	wait really
in a yr	lmao
a hors d'oeuvres will make u feel better	yeh that's my favorite dish
every morning after x amount of sunlight	exactly
🐱	 you missed a call from foxy roxy.
/ r u ok	it's bigger than i thought
bruhhh lol	nah i'm probs not going to awards lol
this is why legs are unviable	well maybe if i just show up bloody
🐱	that would be quite the physics problem
ya sure	do you have an eta for when you'll be at
is she driving me to ur house?	yeh we're in the same car
or to echo	we need to be at the highschool for emil
emily lee	nah ten
farzana	9999999
they're picking me and emily up from 99	what
iman and lulu are picking u up	whaaa
i'll send vids	here ya go from tonight
t once just to see what drunk me is like	feel like you might get sad
and edgy	really? bitchy??
bc when i get tired i start roasting ppl	really?
lol maybe	where you at man
i'm probably going to school soon	aight come by e block so we can grab our
where did everyone go?	i'm in math with some ppl rn
oh u actually went to class	yeh i did
lmao	i think you might appreciate this
roy why u sending me ur scabs	to gross you out
i don't nee.d that. imagery	you're welcome
btw r u going to enka?	shiz what
ya it is	think imma head home
lmao did u get that book?	lmao i wish
of art historians	so like 7 bucks?
🐱	aight back to reading about the most int
dn't k u liked computational linguistics	no i'm into computational art history
woops that was mean	holy crap
🐱	i'm guessing you can't come tonight?
whats lame about that	that's kinda lame bruh
 power is he can throw shields harder so	how is it funny doe i thought he was lik
but its still funny	yeh but captain america is buff af
and he's funny	his power is to be small or big lol
hings it reduces the space between atoms	that's not how atoms work!!
e a bunch of other physics shit and boom	you can't reduce the shell spaces
🐱	ok that's true lol
or shoot lasers	yeh he's not black
lly ya black panther can jump like 20 ft	holy shit what
 onto an jet taking off and destroyed it	wat
ok	shit
've been mathxling through julia's party	lol
whenever ppl leave	should i still go?
i might drop by once i finish mathxl	wanna show up as the late kool kids
"fashionably late"	do you have a ride there afterwards?
t i need to go buy food for the marathon	do you mind if i hitch on? i don't want 
damn r u sure u don't wanna stay home	oh yeh i still need to get you your cold
and ya sure u can get a ride	thanksss
it's due tuesday	lol
a set of hands to load shit into the car	yeh sure
leaving now so i'll be there in about 15	nice i just took a phat showa
u coming?	just woke up
ru coming?	leg day
yes we all hate u roy	it's a fuking feast here
damn	grilled chicken sticks everywhere
kets ordered but not yours i don't think	aight
do u want me to order ur ticket?	yeh sure
i probably will be too	aight cya in several hours
 think about it the more thanos is right	there's a reason he's the bad guy lol
's why he's the most interesting villain	whatcha talking about ultron was clearly
 and see which side actually makes sense	🐱
he's just as super hardline utilitarian	i think this quote sums up my stance on 
🐱	not cuz he's a villain but more so that 
duty it would be incorrect to kill 5 ppl	if there are 5 ppl right there who needs
is that no matter what, killing is wrong	yeh that would just be a lose lose situa
that's what utilitarianism is all about	but not everything is a trolley problem 
in the long run u maximize happiness	his plan didn't have to be that though
ill create a net benefit in the universe	cuz rn it's weighing which is more impor
l is better than 2 million miserable ppl	🐱
he discussion tomorrow cuz i gotta sleep	when you can cherry pick the results the
ly i think thanos is really cool villain	but in practice it's too complicated for
to make a judgement	lol yeh you should sleep first
ok gonna sleep now cya in 4 hrs	good night man
have you left your house yet?	almost
like the showcase	not sure about that
 i'll probably come a little before then	alright
some caffeine pills and leave now with u	lol
but i think i'll be fine	alright so i will come pick you up
what's ur eta?	need to drop my sister off
ok. i'll set an alarm for 10 lol	that's not 10 o clock right lol
lol ni	there's slight morning traffic rn
ok how long should snooze for	five
r u outside?	almost
that would be so funny in this room	more nerds and way less suits right here
e currently most aggressively automating	like art history?
e where an art historian might be useful	pay day for them lol
cking timelines of the same 3 characters	sounds perfectttt
lol	holy shit dude
wow roy u perv	i did not mean to do that
bruh	i feel kinda guilty
lol don't feel guilty it's all good	holy fuck
how is day 2?	fucking great shit
powerd clothes yet for that to be useful	or underwear that can turn your piss int
genius	you think i may be kidding but you know 
how would it turn your piss into energy	piss is hot as shit man
uld just bring a water filtration device	or
ass to carry awater filter in your pants	but your pants are the water filter
google science fair	yeh
or just running	sam and i sprinted for 30 seconds over a
do small talk, it doesn't come naturlaly	oh don't worry dude
and if u send a safety message first	safety messages are sacred
king forever about random shit naturally	yeh
n y is only like 1.8 miles from my house	well ppl like it when others express the
 can actually not be fat over the summer	you should def do that
nly talked to her when it was about prom	lol
lity i'm just not on messenger that much	i mean to be fair to you it's prom soon 
 ppl are sensitive to that kind of thing	yeh ppl are surprisingly sensitive to so
id that person was throwing shade at her	lol
ya basically	i feel like we will never not continue m
or commenting but not liking	lmaooo
 can look at the big fat number of likes	what is that emotional payoff though?
ya	i wonder if it would be worth to learn a
times underestimate the importance of it	perhaps stuff for getting your name and 
why robotics companies suck at marketing	*not perhaps
thats just posting a video	what exactly is marketing
uldn't develop or improve in that aspect	cuz i know examples of marketing failing
lmao	oops we were thinking of drastically dif
ts like outreach and marketing and stuff	well you could develop/improve in that a
lol	preferably a girl who's into that stuff,
🐱	aka sarah -> singular harvard person? lo
se myself in some communities at harvard	yeh i'm starting to wonder if bd and agi
like amazon	but i would argue they're not a "tech" c
ok then apple	well now they got products like the kind
l to pay way more $$ for shittier phones	but their biggest ad from the superbowl 
alking about their entire brand strategy	from my knowledge on apple (mostly artic
 is used a lot in marketing case studies	that their ads were good?
t but very identifiable branding content	so you're saying that their branding is 
s in daily life is probably with roombas	and youtube videos
🐱	but haven't you noticed
rid of finals clubs at harvard last year	they did?! but justin how will harvard k
e speech and debate teams if mit's sucks	the connections with the peers is what m
stance on what?	whether or not that peer thing is true
idk much about where osu is tho	it's in a forest
su right? so do u k the atmosphere there	yeh that's true
ng there bc how far they are from cities	don't you hate how morning dumps feel so
lol	you're up early
and i'm sickish	damn how you get sick like that
thly illness just some minor sore throat	i would get you some chicken noodle soup
lmao	oh the woes of transportation
f being in the middle of bumfuck nowhere	hey you got uh
lol	lmao
i feel so unproductive	but what do you have to do lol
ew more books and catching up on some ai	i feel like at least personally urgency 
nd the clubs are all done except botball	dayumnnn who are the new directors?
i'm now just on an advisory role	what do you advise them on?
while the parents take notes	lol
ll actually be easier for me to help out	cuz you won't be in nowhere
nvited me onto the board of youth cities	so you saying you basically own youth ci
 like i'm getting any shares or anything	so you can now help fire ppl if you want
th advising the direction of the company	oust the ceo
i thought he was ceo	wasn't scully ceo at that time?
that's why he got a vote in deciding	ahh that makes more sense
it works closely with cic	what
ya	just the classification of them are like
y function mostly like regular companies	huh who knew
ew	they had a quote somewhere that said (i'
sounds like some hippie shit	right
but theres nothing on their website	ikr
t think they're tryna make useful things	disney is going to break rusty squid's k
🐱	they seem more of an high tech art studi
welll they look pretty new	from their youtube channel they've made 
as of now	i like the concept of them but so far th
hem some time lol they're just a startup	yeh true i guess i have the wrong expect
ook like one out of 10 thousand srartups	i feel like there's a lot of startups th
ya	and i just wonder how they can survive
l they die broke in their mom's basement	that's kinda dark
ya lol	kinda wish i knew of some case studies o
well usually ppl give up before they die	i wonder why they fail so much though
thetical ppl. it probably highly depends	and if what it's doing simply isn't that
did the same thing but better and faster	yeh tru i have no examples of ppl failin
lol do u mean connectu	yeh they're the same thing i believe
of the startups out there by googling it	then how would one get a good rep of it
what's playground	robotics funding place
where are u going for pre-prom?	what's pre-prom
before prom	oh is that like
but u should	nvm just found out i need a special part
aww that sucks	oh jk amazon sold one that might come in
lol rip	yeh i'm making one now
lol r u actuaally	yeh why not, skateboard is too dangerous
t kinda sucks cuz it's right before prom	you should probably rest up as hard as y
i better charge up my crystal therapy	lmao
a bunch of crystals charged up and ready	how would they actually discharge the cr
or u suck the energy out	i heard that the ass absorbs things much
e's a reason we don't eat into our asses	maybe our asses absorb so well to get th
who took the time to do this lol	someone who really liked his nuts
lol ya the description is the best part	people will do anything for a good meme
saskia has a tesla	yeh duuuudeeee
damn	the fuking door handles retract into the
elon musk is actually a design genius	did he personally design the teslas?
like retract and shit	lol
yee	would you ever do something like that
t showcase just so your robot says hello	yes
es is because they worked out in the end	don't be a wuss bruh
ut then you would just be a terrible ceo	nah i think if it's an integral part to 
g hello are integral parts of the system	if one is showcasing a walking robot and
or smthn	oh you mean like a much more minute deta
how's the corsage lookin	doing aight
but that's probs fine	it's to show that i make the biggest and
what is it mounted on?	a shit ton of hot goue
are u sure it fits her arm?	it fits mine
lol	so i'm just guessing lol
's what aadhyas friend used to make hers	bruh what lol
and it worked pretty well	i thought it was supposed to be a ribbon
snt have to be as long as u can't see it	like dicks
🐱	don't forget your propel mints in case y
should i bring my computer	dude i was just about to ask the same qu
🐱	i needed to get and configure some softw
what that	use casanova in a sentence. noun. the de
ah	wait shit
🐱	i need softer toilet paper
bruh are u still on the toilet	yes
have u gotten dressed yet at all	got socks and pants
 foxy roxy missed a call from you.	where you at man
rip why?	cuz the snores
bruh	?
🐱	lol what
h she only did it cuz it's a requirement	holy shit art history can be a requireme
and she picked that obe	wow
ya idj	still feel like i'm in a weird state whe
cuz adrenaline	such a bad feeling
i got one	nice
i assume	apparently not
oh wait	shiz that's kinda far
bruh isn't it right in downtown	what
it's right across from the train station	fuck there's too many bugs to read outsi
also it's at 7	oh so you can walk there in time
i'm gonna be slightly late	yeh sure
wow	btw does this cost money
i don't think so	here now
but she zoomed in on the fist	look around the fist
i'm confused	6.5/10
thanks dude	the fist was actually supposed to be abo
but then i got bombarded with this shit	ok we're done now
what movie did u guys end up watching	you
oooh i really wanna watch that	sarah fell asleep lol
ya she told me lol	yeh it's my favorite ghibli movie, roman
have fun with the rest of weeb night	good night justin!!
 going to any of the grad parties today?	given that i woke up around now
probably not	unless i actually know the person fairly
when is treehouse club today?	no idea
rip	probably after sarah is done with her mu
ok	have you been hanging around at home?
ya basically	i feel
yup	i better run huh
ya	i slept through middle school graduation
*ass	oh no it's bright outside
wait u know this i told u	i must've forgot lol
ur always active but asleep	oops ^^"
ur a fucking bitch	are you guys still there?
ended at 5am	so you guys went home at 5am?
now it's justin	yeh i could tell lol
woah u could tell?	i'm guessing you guys are at sarah's hou
no	well justin doesn't swear like that
bitch	lol
in my car	ahhh
talkin	are ya coming for botball today?
ya i might be a bit late i just woke up	the roles have reversed
lol	a ups man just delivered a long and huge
uh	yeh same
how is it going?	im googling so much stuff rn
or a conference	seems more like a lecture seminar with a
ok i'll check it out	they also use buzz words
machine learning	description from robohub on that company
nope	how you gonna get to the meeting for sci
*soon	hey
lol	you hate me
why do u keep saying thattr	🐱
lol	lol sarah worries about you not liking h
shit	it's alright man
nope	really??
writing essays and such	what the
to get in to some of the better programs	wtf lol
ru at botball?	well it's locked rn
t would be so much easier to do anything	you should learn how to drive soon lol
ya..	https://i.redd.it/yeye5ye3ll211.png
i really hope its real	i doubt it lol
the lawyers would flip their shit	fuking lawyers ruining everything
cuz its a null? or smthn	fuk if i know why js does that
welp dude i fucked up	what happened?
its ok im getting advice from sarah now	sounds like she had a bad day in general
hen nina accidently spelled it wrong too	ahhh sarah explained it
ya i think so	ahh that's good to hear
idk how i'm gonna get there tho	want me to skate to your house in the mo
l i'll be hitting the gym in the morning	wait
morning around 9 or 10	unless you don't want us to be around lo
when do u usually go?	when i'm awake
 go in the mornings right when i wake up	wow
"always" = the past 3 days lol	well, 3/3 is better than 2/3
cuz they have the best vids lol	that was such a crap meme that it was go
its one of the most rundown dorms lol	i feel like those extra spaces won't be 
 they have one of the best dorm cultures	i did notice some of the lights looked l
at by far has the nicest dorm is simmons	kevin says if you wanna do stuff at horn
they have a fricking ball pit	you're gonna get pink eye from that shit
(ugh to kevin, not to the pink eye)	i think i'll do body weight stuff with k
at the gym or not at the gy	probs just at horn pond
ok	so you're gonna work out in the morning 
but interesting	you should probably let him know now the
ya he already said yes	this si some weird shit man
 makes a big difference which dorm ur in	west hall is only for honors kids
ah	or out on the hills
a really big role in ur life quality tho	why do you think i'm going to keep skati
t gonna get something like college agian	🐱
you'll find weed everywhere	weed wonderland
ants this dorm so i probaly won't get it	https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/7
holy	the simmons videos isn't as funny
ed walls are connecting different floors	jeezus, i recognize that thing
the curved walls make up the lounges	i'm curious how the force is distributed
m not really talking about academics tho	what makes you think that it's such a ti
a strong interest in at this very moment	yeh that's true
g but i might as well try and figure out	i meme soft robotics, but that stuff is 
bruh	ooohhh
step outside of robotics	that kind of stuff?
for a minute	can't you take that as a class though
 didn't k u whether or not ur interested	feels like i'm missing a vital component
 won't relate to my career in the future	things like philosophy have a use later 
ever again in ur life really	hmmmmm
 ways that are not knowledge or academic	so it would be on the same categorizatio
well	a good way to approach this would then t
 just be like a life-changing experience	yeh i see that. on other hand i would on
re you meme surfing through reddit again	yeh
🐱	http://robohub.org/new-battery-technolog
lol congrats	basically famous as shit now
oh woops	lol
nope max said he walked	lol
use rn cuz we just got back from the gym	bruhhhhhhhh
so i need to create some bs	holy shit
e is changeable if i send him some stuff	whew
ehh i'll only be gone for like 9 days	that's a lot of days
so it would just be us lol	yeh man lol
i'll see how much work i can get done	aight
with chris and khloe while i do work lol	chris??
thing to do today so he just walked over	lol
how are the robots going?	going well, not as far as i would've hop
ya i will	how you doing
still writing my essay	still?? dang
ting distracted cuz ashley just got home	sounds like confirmed no treehouse meeti
k so. i have to do fam stuff with her so	tell her i said hi!
sarah is going through it and adding ppl	you're doing family stuff with sarah? lo
so we didn't do family stufff	ahh so you guys just hanging out now?
i'm still writing my essay :'(	lol bruh
ake an intermission to unscrew some nuts	what
ya...	did something bad happen?
i failed tho	what
ya...	what are you doing hanging around sarah 
sarah's just kinda loitering here idk	lol
i'm working on my essay	she just wants to hang around you i gues
jk ily	love you too khloe
ok i'm back	good luck on finishing those essays
its like ^ those types of questions	that's dumb
lying for is apparently hard to get into	cuz you could meme the shit out of them 
hat happens in a lakehouse in groton, ma	like an honors program
its the freshman pre-orientation program	sounds like a cult
e-orientation programs that are optional	why is there a special freshman pre-orie
days of being around your new classmates	what would one do in those five days tha
ents to do it bc its apparently worth it	number 5 is literally the stanford quest
but its apparently life-changing	what is up with all these programs and w
 tho, u apply for it and its just 5 days	that last part makes it seem like an eli
its just gonna be a fun 5 days	the dude said in the chat that the ppl w
 are more prone to be leaders attend flp	if dat ain't some cult shiz idk what is
not all of them are leaders lol	is that part of the reason why you want 
are u ok today	yeh though someone is calling me rn comp
lol ok. no its not proving anything	is that why you asked about the are you 
to meet other ppl who may be like-minded	passive aggression waists time, if one w
maybe u should get some sleep man	yeh but idk how to end this convo
who's calling u?	lol that would be funny just start snori
ah	don't worry dude
🐱	🐱
and its something to do with leadership	perhaps you get to meet and talk to famo
t. we're in a lakehouse in groton ma lol	and then make out with ppl
re gonna ship noam chomsky out to groton	it's actually where the last remains of 
true its been hiding in the shadows	lol
lmaoo	i got a boost of energy somehow
i need to finish and edit them first	did ya finish? cuz sounds like you've go
i'm pretty much done packing	has your mother always been so tightlace
all these restrictions are more apparent	lmaoo
e probably called me after u fell asleep	yeh...
i was mindblown by ben tho	when ben is in bro mode i suppose he's d
like extremely different	idk i didn't really understand the probl
 a close friend gets into a relationship	lol
that's what i thought it boiled down to	yeh that sounds about right
🐱	🐱
ya	it's like if he got into a cool new hobb
its treehouse club except just us lol	yeh sure man lol, we've had that stuff a
sarah will be in the dominican	if you're trying to tell me you're gay, 
🐱	lol what, jenn and vara are going on a r
jen and vara are pretty close tho	really???
damn that was quite the reaction	i know jenn said that the rwdc group was
 brought her closer again to joanna/vara	what the
ya	wow, this got nerdy even when we're talk
jeremy is always 3rd or 5th wheeling lol	poor dude getting the short end of the s
l he hangs out with are joanna's friends	awww
which book?	the raibert one
art of the church of the divine thrustin	yeh right
its basically how i remembere	ahhhhh
?	it was a treehouse meme
lol wut	there's apparently a rap lyric about bri
lol wut	yeh same lol
m staying there basically the whole time	isn't shanghai an electronics powerhouse
nzhen is the main electronics powerhouse	oohhh thats right
ed now, even in the rundown city suburbs	really? what things are?
pressive, they had like buttons and shit	lol
get exactly what, its just my impression	can't tell if you're joking or not since
s more advanced than last time i visited	what?? really?? i always thought of chin
its still pretty dirty	ahh ic ic
like nonexistant	that's how you can really tell how advan
🐱	🐱
idk yet, are you free those days?	yeh sure what days doe
not sure yet	what time do you get back on the 19th?
robably be available the 20th and onward	what exactly do you want to talk about l
just whenever ur free and wanna hang out	ahh yeh so just hanging out like after t
ya i'm psychologically fine	well that's a relief lol
we can hang out anytime	i'm also rather behind on the raibert bo
or whatever the number was	oh we could also watch some of the towat
how much do u have left?	~150 pages lmao
that's good	it's kinda crazy to think about
but ya i agree	i don't know if it's really a dark place
agine what not being concious feels like	yeh and the fact that our consciousness 
🐱	🐱
its 3 am isn't it	yeh i should but i'm listening to the wi
he ppl he's already printed as templates	oh the dead people part was more of not 
anime has such a wide range	yeh right
 be limited by the hardware inside major	the brief explanation they had seemed to
holy shit gt memes strike again	righttt
ugh hot and dusty	dusty? really
similar to apple pay	i kinda like cash doe, since i ain't got
 have a joint account with their parents	damnn
e same things and functions the same way	i can see potential concerns though with
e gov already actively censors all media	i'm guessing they can easily replicate t
 also less slick and felt more plasticky	ok maybe not all the hardware lol
 are functionalities that alexa can't do	ooohhh
ts functionalities are basicaly the same	not sure what mi means but doesn't xiao 
xiao mi means little rice lol	what
n ai which sounds like "love" in chinese	small love?
did u go to six flags?	ahh that makes sense
nice	very quality engineering on those rides,
 xiao mi phones as their version of siri	#hardwareisstillafieldofpriority
how about friday?	yeh sure that sounds good
probably yours.	kkkkk
cyaa	shall we stay at botball until 4 and the
a lot of work to catch up on after china	lol wut
like 8	lol
probably	sounds good
i'm leaving my house now	kkkk
rip	welp shit
oh sweet thanks	no problemo
🐱	lol
*clean	yeh that’s the trick though
definitely not my room	what about a drone trashcan
he has some pretty sweet arcs	what was one those sweet arcs? i need my
int i think u can choose to work for him	danggg
h doing the same thing for over a decade	really? that’s interesting, yeah you do 
ya i should be	wanna try to watch some bladerunner or d
did all the parts come in?	yeh, the programmer came in
 up and accidentally opened my phone lol	lmaoo
i fucked up	? did you forget to message sarah about 
john dunleavy	uh oh
rian dunleavy who had his account hacked	ooohhh
ith him, so i was about to be super rude	lol
idk i feel bad now	if it makes you feel better, from readin
ate did u guys end up calling yesterday?	i think it was close to 1 or something?
nervous in waht way	she's nervous about if you really want t
i'm kinda nervous too	oh are you guys not meeting late night t
i think its a no	you're gay????
u deal with a completely new environment	hmm interesting
uch for going for it when u guys talked?	i don't know if she was super for it
ally super intensely liked anyone before	really??
 butterflys in ur stomach / blushing way	have you ever met someone you just could
nah not really tbh	ahh, yeh that does sound more "comfortab
or not to an extreme degree	maybe you'll find the one to give you bu
maybe	just don't get infatuated lol, that's da
wtf is that	it's a banana with three cores it seems
it looks like that pokemon	yeh no one wants that kind of obsessive 
but the resemblance is kinda there	isn't that based on a pitcher plant not 
ya lol	i gotta say though
 just know im meant to be single forever	lmao
lmao	hmm
more intense crush i bury myself in work	🐱
ya...	i'm sure you'll meet a good friend group
red a lot around ur clubs and activities	or centered around weed
 least i know i'll have some friends lol	guessing that's a software hackathon?
print which is the high school hackathon	oooh huh so they're a whole organization
yup	did you see that someone keyed lulu's mo
 a bunch of student events around campus	oh wait, we're still talking about hacka
keyed	they used a key to scratch her car
really	yeh it's on the winchester residents pag
damn	it's strange to see mathematical equatio
ood 2 am sitting alone in a hammock song	lmao
ck of how many servos the battleship has	and it would the robot a little bit more
and maga has 2 right	yeh
so ya middlebot can use more	alright
i'll be at botball tomorrow	i thought you were meeting with sarah to
/ tomorrow morning	oh shizzzz
shiiiiit	idk this seems a bit messy she was talki
but nervous in what way	and that it’ll be hard for her afterward
shit really	she claims it’s nervous since she doesn’
so she expects me to say no?	i got no idea what she expects lol
yeh	aight let me spam this chat with some pi
🐱	aight
ust cuz i'm not a super emotional person	take it ez though man
 her as much i don't feel it as strongly	you can feel da angst
🐱	🐱
tell tanishk i said hi	it’ll be alright though lay it down soft
i feel kinda sick to my stomach	ah shizzz
?	you’re nervous too?
well ofc	man i was gonna make some more communist
or else you'll be lynched in oregon	aw man if i was white i could stereotype
lol	oh tru, and then have a shirt with shitt
yup	mannn that’s some heavy shit
i'm still nervous as fucj	yeh
whichever way it ends up going	yeah man
wdym	like how are you going to bring it up
uhh	lol what's with the extra "uhh"
idk lol	do ya think a late night skate will be w
ng to think about or just wanna distress	but i'm wearing dark clothes rn lol
lol	oh wait, i got leds
 there's also not gonna be a lot of cars	i ain't got much to distress though
i enjoy 3 am walks a lot	hmm tru
4 hrs or 16 hrs lol	4
o diffuse the situation if it goes sourh	lol
lol ya	think i'm gonna take notes until i'm sic
ya... idk	don't fuck up is also a bad thing to say
thanks lol	no problemo
i just got back home lol	geezus
shouldn't u be asleep	i saw a video about pcb making
well not a bit lol	conflicted how so?
 think she likes me more than i like her	yeh i got that feeling too
but idk how to tell her that	that was actually one of her concerns
i was in china but not like all the time	that she likes you more than you like he
ya..	that was also probs why she was annoyed 
eling i'm getting is really a lot or not	you don’t feel right about the plan to w
kinda	who looks like you
🐱	🐱
listening to am	lol
ya pretty much	 foxy roxy called you.
 she was hinting that it would be a date	use a buck converter
 at the same time it would be kinda nice	lol damn, what happened to the whole thi
arghh	nice in that you want to see incredibles
want things to be the same as before :'/	yeah she mentioned something similar to 
pulling an invite another person move	lmao
when u told her about me looking for jen	nah nah nothing happened to sarah, it wa
wait this year?	yeh sarah said she would be fine no matt
ven more later if we don't end up dating	yeh that's very true
maybe i'll just ask her	oooh, good thinking
but i'm not sure lol	exactly lol, i feel like she sometimes j
ugh idk how to deal with this	now with the third option
und / eating dinner in boston beforehand	lol
ike she wasn't completely ok with it but	lol
 i just want things to go back to normal	what was normal to you though?
but ur probably asleep	i was asleep
are u on track	lmao fuk no
rip	 foxy roxy called you.
what kind of weeb stuff would iman want	depends on what’s in stock
no anime merch besides actual books here	ahhh
lol	uh
 have to go back to get sokmething later	https://www.cnet.com/news/honda-stops-de
the dreaded application	feelsbad
ok sounds good	your street is 11 thornberry street righ
yup	that japanese hobbiest who made some imp
how's the dark side treatin ya?	lots of business stuffs
what did u do on yr first day	learned air force stuff
n and the government will kill you" talk	nah that’s tomorrow
about to board	how long are you there again?
until the 9th	*whew
damn	you and i never had this problem though
is it hardware that's broken or software	yeh i can’t say what for but it’s buzzy
oh	using tensor flow
wait so ur just doing software then	and it’s hardware that’s breaking
r ur using the best programming language	i’m ok with that though, i need to brush
fuck yea	i can do electronics and hardware at hom
lol	“look randy, he’s (gonna be) a real prog
🐱	jk jk
 the most interesting field in existence	data science?
 have some pretty good animatronics here	what kind of fancy ass cruise you at
i'm at universal studios	oooohhh
huh that's wierd	have you discovered anything new in your
about to go on the cruise today	wait wuttt
 more advanced motor control than the us	dang now that’s actually super interesti
o i can occasionally go on the interwebs	internet planes that beam lasers of know
i missed internet so much	welcome back!!!
that was really sad	right dude??
why are you crying in a hospital?	that shit fucked me up
still checkin up on the diahhrea	the comic was why i cried in the hospita
i meant why in a hospital lol	closing your eyes and opening them to a 
or just visiting again	i was until like an hour ago
aids?	yeh
🐱	heard you drank a beer though!
the governments poisoining u	did you get drunk and then become the wo
that's pretty much it	lol
 are a typical thing for alcohol i think	shit i didn’t realize you were asian
 u been watching too much black dynamite	maybe
lmao i actually watched another episode	it’s quite the contradictory viewment
that the orphanage was also a whorehouse	oh you did??
lmaoo	forgot about that lol
"a hoe mammas better than no mamma"	lmao
ya ikrr	some of the lines i don’t get at all but
like honkie lol	lmao nah i knew that from the south
uh	🐱
damn	yeh
nda machine learning stuff are you doing	something about forests lol
yo r u home?	yes i am now
oh damn	that’s why they had to use and maintain 
ore like a training exercise for interns	yeh the contest is to make and solve var
ff with my supervisor in the later weeks	msp430, that sounds familiar, based on w
woah that's pretty cool	“one week after release:marijuana robo
lmaoo	dudeee
damn now that's a venture i would fund	🐱
also r u able to leave early from work?	i can technically leave by 4
 foxy roxy missed a call from you.	i was still “working” at that time
lol nah	wait really?? why not the two of you
nah boda borg is lame with just 2 ppl	working lol
fun	but turned out they were due tomorrow
u talk to ur boss about doing more stuff	yeh i’m getting code review assignments 
what are the differences	the ui is pretty different
ya i feel like i'm getting resick	do you need anything rn?
i can be more active in helping them too	<3
that's in our mit group chat	lmao
holy shit i'm a tripllee?!!!	lol
and i can switch out of the triple	ahhh
wait did she actually take that pic	not sure
fuck i don't want to become a weeb	lol
ot as complete or true to the full manga	niceeee brotherhood is usually the bette
i'm slipping down a slippery slope	yeh the 2003 one spins off since the man
 hope they explain the magic system more	oh no worries dude
okee	sitting next to two girls, now i got pts
i could totally make this a dress story	lol tru that’s one story that’s exclusiv
make sure to bring us some wheed	lmao
y favorite math related youtube channels	idk what he’s like honestly lol
yo when do u get back from oregon again?	probs saturday
meeting to determine next years officers	ahh tru tru, idk jack shit about chemist
to other possibilities should they arise	oh shit
why?	oh it was just to someone i met here
lol	shits hard man
you fox	why does that help explain stuff
 it was an "ooooooooooooooh *amazement*"	after saying my og plan outloud i really
or is she a normal human	idk
oh shit	and likes doctor who
roy be careful	she seems like one of the alt kinda ppl
branching out	ya know wut i mean
jk i'm tired	like the kind of person to be in a diffe
lik edgy linnea?	she just happened to talk to me and then
 its orientation so like it doesn't hurt	fuck honkies amirite
s with her once u actually get to campus	wait can’t make that joke i think she’s 
i mean	lmao
show them your true self	tru
ya np	we happen to live near each other in the
oh lol	aight imma catch some z’s gnight!
and don't get too high	thanks dude, have fun treehousing i supp
lol	these are the worst designed urinals i h
at what all the urinals look like at osu	nah this set only existed in the enginee
o reach over in case your bro needs help	tru bros that are loners for life
🐱	🐱
like in the hallway or in his lav	in the hallway lmao
lol did u like stop him	i like turned around quickly once i real
did he remember u from the emails	yeh seemed like it
is that the angsty linnea	what kind of a response is o o f to an a
i think she just didn't k how to respond	yeh tru
don't worry about it too much	dude your vlog was amazing
i was lonely and bored at 2 am	 you missed a call from foxy roxy.
 foxy roxy missed a call from you.	i need to turn this thing on sound and n
this botguy that i have is urs right	did you take two? lol
ya i thought it was david's	ah ic ic
actually i'll put this in treehouse	lol
is this alex	yeh
ly the solution lol but it is a solution	she needs 10k
wait why? what's wrong with her finances	apparently she needs 10-15k left that's 
ly. maybe to replace lust who just died?	yeh roy was a badass when he took down l
pride is the only one unaccounted for so	hehehe
but why do they need it lol	cuz they wanna have nicer environments t
yoo found an elo concert	lmao
it's probably bigger in europe	yeh tru
oh i meant cuz elo is british isn't it?	what
ps from when i was drunk are super funny	were you like sarah loopy?
 ranted about star wars and marvel a lot	wow
i also vomited a bunch of times	i think i'm feeling guilty for not messa
do u like her?	no
and that's a nonrude way to end convo	but i hypothesize the guilt is coming fr
🐱	🐱
why?	and fucking emojis showed up in the inst
i'm confused	same
what kind of terminal are u using	the standard linux one man
... can display emojis?	ubuntu terminal now supports fucking emo
how do u even output emojis from a file	in 18.04, which is what my vm rn is
oh so are they all part of a package	not sure
oh god	i couldn't find more offensive emojis
👈(*_*👈)	lol
lolol	here are some of the more black hat inci
hackers who use defcon to do random shit	apparently there was a reporter who trie
i haven't read enough xkcd to know	here’s some of black hats best antics in
damn the first one is really sad	yeh...
damn that's really cool	also
 this part of a big debate or smthn lmao	no lol, it was just two completely separ
nt and what not that apply to any fetish	yeh, but like
is quite depressing	bruhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, you have to see that 
lol	i'll be sure to let you see that gif whe
how has work been?	meh, nothing too interesting
he company related things that ur doing?	sloc analysis and stuff like that lol
what's sloc	source lines of code
ah	it's used for like estimating maintenanc
lol nice which one?	idk what it's called tbh
i found an overrated piece of shit	lmao
the only reason i went to the louvre	lol
sick	sick of all the gun rights?!
so that's not as cool	see i’ve been practicing democratic humo
lmaooo	do you have to pack for tomorrow or?
well i'll pack tomorriw	lol
ya she starts one day before me	apparently agility was at a mars confere
is that suppose to be a spaceship model	lmao
in europe	you recovered from the jet lag yet?
 guess it's cuz i'm only 20 min away lol	yeh lol, but you’ll rarely come back to 
fter i figure out my schedule in college	no way what are you going to be doing ba
but i think i should be able make time	also this guy already does the whole gen
f the next morning when she goes to work	though it is really primitive, but it’s 
a while ago	just had to come up in my recommended, t
n moving all the way across the country?	i don't have any lmao
to my room rn but i'll read/respond soon	lmao
that's the engineering process at work	1986-87
probably patented by a gtech student	apparently it was fucking ibm
lol	yuh. dude
come check out my dorm!	🐱
are u guys still here?	eating dinner rn
i can take u guys	we already ordered bruh
there's so many different events	i just don’t wanna go to work tomorrow
wait so where are u guys eating	area 4 pizza
all built in like 3 days it's crazy	lol
it hasn't quite started yet tho	 you missed a call from foxy roxy.
 you called foxy roxy.	where you at
i can't hear u	i’m at the back
where are u i'll meet u up	the gyroscopic light thing
share ur location	how you do that
i'm chilling with ppl at my dorm rn	i’m at sarah’s rn
wait come over to harvard?	yeh
omething i can talk to u about over call	nah, perhaps some other time soon
 come over after ur done visiting sarah?	it’s 11 pm lol
otherwise i could probably come over	okay
i thought gtech had the fastest	66.31 was buzz’s
that's my rush events schedule	haha yeah sure
is there any event ur interested in	lol jeezus that's a lot of stuff
een able to go to less than 5% of events	you show up on the side of the "recently
lmao	nah i think i'm alright though, feels we
does it have to do with sarah or u?	nah it's nothing like serious
🐱	🐱
so i have to go to events nonstop	lol
u move in on the 15th right	yeh
also that was an interesting article	conservatives aren't close-minded
classes start tomorrow	lmao, fuk
u can crash in my room if u want	idk, probs brushing up on ros
u can sleep there	lol
oh we can go hacking if ur down	i'm already sore from trying to learn lo
all the stress that is	you're going to be on a list bruh lol
but climbing is still fun	how dangerous do you think it might be t
do it in winchester	what about the bike paths in the city
hmm i guess that would work	what are you up to rn? rare to see you b
and doing karaoke	have you joined joined a frat yet?
🐱	nah man, i'm genuinely intrigued
 a frat it's easy to enter frat bro mode	fuk i woke up kinda late lol
kating around or hanging out with sarah?	sarah’s singing now
ooh nice	u free?
i'll def have more time then	so probs no meet up today then?
robably not worth your time to come over	if i grab onto the bumpers of cars i cou
 shit up your ass in the first few weeks	lulu proposed an idea of sleeping over b
wait u mean tonight lmao	otherwise i’ll probs be around randomly 
need extra clothes if its just one night	lol bruh
just shower tomorrow when u get home	i’m gonna be nasty on the t lol
nah trust me my room's nastier	lulu said her dorm has lots of extra cou
bc is kinda old and decrepit	it’s got a fair amount of common rooms s
l. i found some guy in there around 8 am	lmaoo
is it a concert or a rehearsal?	idk
enger cuz rush is so socially exhausting	yeh i'd imagine so lol
how does that work	tiny motors
damn that's pretty crazy	yeh right lol
w much range of motion can that provide?	"there are three muscle patches (left, r
a i'm getting more dinner with frats lol	lol
we're at boston beer works rn	wait so is that a no you can’t hang cuz 
 be just chillin in a frat layer tonight	ahh ic ic
if u wanna come, everyone's really chill	how late is later tonight?
the beach around 4 am to see the sunrise	lol
some good ol' wholesome fun	are you close with the ppl in the frat?
frat bids just came out today	hmmm
 2 frats i liked so now i have to choose	don’t choose the wrong one or else you’l
 the other bank of the charles basically	btw did you know that jeff bezos kid is 
there's been a lot of rumors	lol i’ll need an address bruh
oh seriously	i saw him when i visited lulu the second
oh damn	fairly tall dude, curly hair
wait are u just skating around?	my sister wants to watch a movie so i th
and apparently pretty good	that sounds like a good find on his part
asically my primary contact in that frat	gotta say though my legs are feeling bet
tions with a bunch of potential recruits	but my hips creak now
nice nice	ohh ic ic
these past days, rush is ending soon tho	lol it’s no prob man, no prob at all
dude frat life is dangerous	aw shit dude
i don't have a big toenail anymore	holy shit what
ya	what the hell were you doing??
well i do its just dangling off	please tell me that you went to see a do
they cleaned it out and bandaged it	so you’ve just don’t have a toenail fore
lol no they grow back	well maybe you can make a fake one that 
i was playing sand wrestling	you could’ve been bionic
with a frat	you guys said no homo first though right
dy and the toenail was lifted 90 degrees	geezus christ
lol	guessing this was during the early beach
also do u wanna come to wet wednesday	that’s a terrible name
s there's a lot of parties going on then	ohh i remember lulu and kiera mentioning
whos kiera	hmmm i’ll probably be in the city at tha
dafuq	she’s pretty chill
u stealing mit girls now	lol
jk	🐱
 east campus thing and one day with lulu	well neu, bu both are kinda harsh on non
are u literally just skating?	just yesterday when i was visiting massr
wait ur not on campus rn r u?	i’m on next houses roof rn
got that nice parking lot view	nah i’m just fuking with ya
🐱	kiera and lulu say that next and mccormi
that's the general consensus ive heard	so don’t visit mccormick?
o into simmons its a crazy cool building	rip kiera
yup	my goal is try to make a new friend on e
aw thats so wholesome	it’s a lot easier when you already have 
did u hit up any parties yet?	nope lol
ially be a party at the frat i'm rushing	isn’t that like everyday lol
e breaks" which are more chill kickbacks	oh that’s a lot nicer than what some oth
lmao who's some ppl	kiera mentioned some story about the typ
ya dude its so good	reds literature ones are gold
ng it up and watching everything in june	whoa this is getting uncanny
alright copier	oh yeh btw
 better if u tell me when ur in the city	at least that’s what i’ve been doing lol
or pm	yeh i catch a ride with my folks
same for tomorrow or only on weekdays	i was thinking of maybe seeing if i coul
yo are u in cambrodge?	nah unfortunately it's a bit late :(
okee	feel like it might be a bummer if i spen
 tues and friday night's i'm pretty free	my biggest concern rn is how to get raw 
lol i mean i can ship it	but that'll take a little whileeee
🐱	wait a sec
yupyup	fuk lol
wtf	it’s good shit dude
yo u wanna come to wet wednesday?	yeh sure lol
i''ll sned u the address of the frat	oh btw i'll be in the city tomorrow
oh awesome	not sure exactly i'll be doing or where
 between that and club meetings at night	oh you've already joined some clubs?
after that tho we can chill	lol bruh wut i thought you said 3
u could chill there	chris yang is here??
or u can come to the library with me	i’ll need an address then
address to library or next	lib lol
the 5th floor, i can come down to meet u	kkkkk
6179570655	i just realized i don’t have anyone’s nu
lmao	i’ll text and or call when i’m there
wait u got a new phone?	nah it’s the same one i just don’t reall
ok one sec	it’s so stuffy outside
where u guys now?	we’re bumming outside of baker
i might not be able to go until 11	lol
lol	holy what
ya i'm joining to try it out	why is everyone becoming a kpop star
🐱	🐱
ya it's the first meeting.	yo i just realized something
yet	lol
how is it	pretty good
, the future ones u dive into the lyrics	kinda wished burr had more personal song
oh	🐱
edient servantthe world was wide enough	oh damn you got it all laid out
this video is so good	lol i’ll take a look, btw do you know th
barker library	bruh
wait r u going to the parties? lmao	idk now lol
ean i might go to theta xi at like 11:15	wait wut lol
u have adt until 11	🐱
my memory doesn't suck	where you at
oh r u at a party?	i just left
left mit?	nah i left theta xi
how was it	yee
be careful lol	i accidentally hit two shots
shots taste like shit	turned out it was two shots of vodka
do u have asian flush?	nah doesn’t look like it
don't get too drunk man	lol nah i have no plans on getting drunk
finishing some psets	🐱
not sure if it was actually a rager	pbe was so crowded lol
that's good i guess	honestly thought i was screwed after i d
if i hit 5 or 6 i start feeling nauseous	kinda wish i had my board
don't skate drunk at oregon	hey i’m trying to branch out my interest
my toe also started bleeding during it	esp with ur toe?
but it was wrapped up so all good	bruh
nd so i can't browse memes this time lol	nah it’s aight lol, already read mostly 
oh lol	kinda wished i was more into the party s
i mean theres no reason to be	but i wanna be a kool kid
if u like legged robotics	i bet dr kim used to be a rager
🐱	🐱
 french food blogs over practical skills	techx application is dumb since they pro
don't say that with any self-deprication	you probably worked harder than anyone i
st how the two approach their life goals	aight i need to listen fully to those so
i also read up on his bio	damn alright
just wiki lol	the ultimate bios for ppl tbh
lol not accurate i don't think	aw man
nna watch me pitch a shitty startup idea	ofc
there's a bad idea pitch contest lmao	lmaooo
onna practice my improv pitch skills lol	yuhhhh
at pe class lmao	should i head to the stud then?
🐱	lol bruh
i can meet u there	i just saw damian lol
my pe class ended at 6	you in the infinite corridor?
yup	bruh lol
where'd u guys end up going?	ahh sorry sorry
what'd u guys do?	i got some pants
lol oh right	yeh i was at bu
be careful	dude im finally able to weave in between
congrats lol	where u at rn?
r u still at mit?!	i was at mccormick
oh	the view is freaking amazing
best view on campus hands down	yeh i was hanging with kiera
wait so r u still on campus or	nah i’m back home now
i'm debating whether or not to go	rn??
#fuckbus	fuckbus?
ya	uh...
🐱	jeeezus
u say thats a lot a lot	yeh cuz it's a lot
🐱	yeh tru
🐱	🐱
ive been saying haha more actually	this might sound fucking weird and dumb
 one in our friend group uses haha a lot	exactly dude
thus only girls u don't k use haha	wait a sec that does not imply i only ta
bulding ur harem	fuk i'm turning into middle school you
oh i didn't k u were gay	🐱
i support u	wait no
i don't think so	lol
sorry i got triggered for a moment	lol that's quite the strange description
are you outside?	almost
omw	how was the hack?
it's not over yet	lol
transfer to get an opportunity like that	i am not already in his lab lol
wait you haven't emailed him back?	yeh bruh
does he have a secretary?	lol wut
grad students === secretary	yeh tru
what did he say?	if i piss on the equipment that would fu
lmao	no classes were open
god has a sense of humor	it’s called art 204 and it’s on ancient 
seless topic in the most useless subject	🐱
🐱	i’m afraid that i might be turning in a 
t time we talk i'll be spewing buzzwords	a couple reminded me of less chill cheng
 put me in an interesting thought spiral	ahh sorry i was out with katie and her f
wow damn you and katie are hittin it off	interesting music, idk what genre it eve
ybe that's jsut how she talks to animals	idk about that lol, she's kinda like jul
oh ic	in my defense i have tried making guy fr
lol wut	yeh idk why either
is that agility?	nah
wait so ur in?	i guess so?
overwhelmed in what way?	i’ll explain in detail once i’m out of t
see it all worked out	nah
to a lot of things	this sounds familiar...
fucj ducj fuck fcuj fuck	lol first step is to take a deep breath
but who has ti me to make friends	i should disagree with you
twee 12:45 and 1 pm every other thursday	every other thursday?
true	you and sarah both seem to have scooped 
ew why matlab	cuz it’s built in differential equation 
lly grad students work on these projects	yeh that’s why i need to be better
what math do u need to do?	but i don’t have much time so i need to 
hat that means but it sounds complex lol	same
🐱	what companies though?
 looking for senior -- grad level talent	yoooo skydio????
they spun out of nick roy's lab	i see you’re into writing books already
the technology seems super cool	ooohhh that’s more in line with your int
and they implement machine learning	that tech is dangerous
d can def be used for unethical purposes	they can use that to track you watch out
chnology, hopefully not used unethically	ahhh ic ic
hine learning and all of the blockchain"	one senior i know literally plopped his 
they did a demo, it was so cool	i can’t even fathom how they trained it 
so we'll see how much i can finesse	what kind of companies are those?
00 shipment will be for internal tests g	sounds about right
ceramic animal made a music video :o	holy shut
damn r u already working on cassie?	lmao
🐱	have you organized yourself with the ove
t less busy now that career fair is over	that’s good to hear
more time for social stuff i guess	feeling more confident now too?
robably gonna start going to parties now	do you actually like the party life? lol
's a lot of hooking up and bad decisions	but now you want to hook up and make bad
🐱	ahhh
as planning on telling me until idk when	hooking up with some rando probably isn’
lol ya ik i'm not actually gonna hookup	yeah, she was distraught about how to go
i guess it didn't matter to begin with	hmmm
 being stressed about acapella and stuff	yeh?
would be the one "on the hunt" for girls	yeh it is rather ironic how things happe
alright maybe i'm not over it....	hmm yeah it would appear so
sorry for the rant	boiling for almost a week
na be a supportive friend on the outside	yeh she mentioned your ears turned super
then i walked home in the rain	holy shit did you really walk??
it was only like 30 min	hey on the bright side that makes for a 
🐱	🐱
it only took 4 days to decide	hot damn
wdym	do you want to still be with sarah
k it will bring up any negative feelings	are you sure about that?
hinks its awkward now haning out with me	it’s not your friendship that i’m worrie
 also kinda sketch now that she has a bf	yeah that's true
its just a weird mixed feeling of irony	sounds like heartbreak
complete opposite way for no good reason	it seemed both of you guys didn't expect
i was afraid of this result	you also seemed pretty irked by the whol
🐱	i would commit suicide
🐱	hmmm you wanna call about it?
 in the corner and furiously typing lmao	lol bruh
 some time but i think things will be ok	alright that's good to hear
lol	holy shit dude
 still confused as to what work ur doing	i’ve never been so happy to see a graph 
at about the slip model are u working on	i’m creating it
i'm currently studying for midterms lol	shit wut lol
l there are like 4 midterms per semester	lol wut
end to have tests this week or next week	that’s kinda gross
wiat how many tests do u guys have?	fuk
rip	just a regular old midterm and final
yup	you’ve been feeling alright though right
dym you've been learning about wellness?	it’s part of my required kickboxing/heal
i've actually been eating pretty healthy	really???
which feels wierd	that’s one step closer to being poor
fruits a day and half veggies for dinner	the poor lonely starving grad student
the high school gym class is working	why you hitting two gays and half of a c
lmao wut	fruits and veggies
r gay ppl fruits	lmao i wish high school gym class worked
if u find ur true passion in art history	hey don’t joke about that shit
ime soon and the show will become shitty	lol nah that thinking of art i think onl
eath note the ppearnace of the girl kira	i'll be honest i have no idea what my da
ya her charater is knda irritating	wait a sec
but holy fuck i hate this character	🐱
🐱	lol
falling behind?	dude my ece class is full of kids who do
dn't have this opportunity anywhere else	i had to explain to my lab partner in ph
oing that is u get swamped and hate life	yeah, maybe i'm freaking out too early r
probably mostly upperclassmen	yeah i've been around the lab's uppercla
 guys have a hackathon coming up i think	but i only see them in the lab and stuff
should actually go just to scout out ppl	you know how i feel about software hacka
24 hrs just working on tech shit for fun	isn't that just the lab?
leep deprived and under as much pressure	my moment of worry was when i realized i
u can always create filters	yeah i suppose so
e leaving in a yr it might dampen things	yeah that's true
but i'm really excited about my urop	is that like a sex thing?
yes	nice dude
🐱	oh yeah, your urop with the nlp people r
by mit	if i haven't said it before, congrats!
and i think i made the right choice	yuhhh
ype it all out rn cuz my hands are taped	lol wut
middle of an assassins game with my frat	that's uh, huh
d a spoon in my right hand to stay alive	ohhh
yee	do you slap people spoons outta their ha
y i can write while having it in my hand	huh lol
lol like $25 or smthn	that's not bad tbh
if u factor in the free food game at mit	i thought you were eating more healthy r
 bc something superfoods and gluten free	don't forget about your fertility super 
nah ashley took that with er	oh shi, don't worry dude
rial, but they just link that xkcd comic	lol
i'm working on their computers not mine	oh shi, 14.04??
im using one of their older computers	lol bruh
i actually should probably gtg	lol yeah, sounds gucci
lol thanks	shit dude
shoot	lol wait shit i’m skating rn
lmk	back
ya why don't u just study math today?	yeh, apparently a former lab member is o
🐱	i just don't know if i'll get quality st
why not?	hw
how hard is the math class?	idk, not that hard rn at least in terms 
rip	yeh right
but ya it feels longer	dude you didn’t say no homo wtf
🐱	dude the guy who was on survivor, the ro
hy did the girl ask if he wanted to play	idk, the show has romance sometimes -> s
 seduction "do you want to play with me"	tbh nothing smells yet so i bet we have 
dont u guys have janitors/cleaning crew?	we have one for the hall itself, but sin
oh ic	oly fuck dude
have u heard this song?	no, i’ll give it a listen soon
i'm not in the bu area	*whew
yup	what did ya guys do?
and thats pretty much it	awwww
 she wouldve made it back on her own lol	oh did she drink?
but not a lot	dude do you know what to do if your hand
wfym	yeh idk either
r u losing grip strength	idk when i woke up today i just couldn’t
shit dude i should get that checked out	nah it’s ok
is ur hand ok now?	eh kinda
ya go ahrad	i just went to the robotics club kickoff
do u enjoy what they do?	i've never done full on underwater befor
e they will def pile up responsibilities	and i also see what you mean by not ever
? wdym	as i was talking to one of the leads the
🐱	ok, got sarcastic there
 doesn't seem like u would enjoy ur time	fuk dude, i even told them i could dabbl
why would it be rude	lmao
ek would u be happy spending on robotics	i spend at least 2 hours a day in the la
lol	so if i just walk in and be like, fund m
ke their money then u have an obligation	they told me don't feel obligated
s rude now that u mention the money part	but i do
and is it worth the money	that's the problem i'm still on the rese
specifically meant for personal projects	i guess it would be a good way to keep m
ey think it's not enough just don't join	the way it works is that each subteam fr
 set with any permanent responsibilities	danger's my grandmother's surname
u fucking old man wut	sorry, shitty, not well planned joke
t gonna really be able to quit in a week	personally, i thought that was way too s
well it'll be so rude if i blahblahblah"	all i asked was if they use ros, got a n
ny big responsibilities u should be fine	what do you mean especially cuz it's me?
🐱	that was pretty good
bit too generous with giving out ur time	now that i think about it, i got into th
nt to do with ur life and precious tkme5	i got into auxivision since i said i cou
🐱	🐱
setting those expectations	yeah that's true,
what's the other lab?	human robot interaction
the wut	the charisma lab
what kind of human robot interaction	various
🐱	i appreciate you inviting me to the thet
't believe someone made the finger thing	ikr
amirite	i don’t get it
🐱	my biggest news of the last week
that was really cool	oohh ic ic
i've seen that	it's quite the compelling data
yo	ye?
i was just bored lol	nioce bruh
how much did you partition for ubuntu?	out of my 1tb harddrive
 windows cuz i'm still gonna be using it	only 85 gb???
ye	what the heck is eating up more than 100
windows is just a hoe	on ssd (124 gb total)/         75 gb/u
i already cleared out as much as i can	feelsbad
look at this fucking hoe	yeah that's ridiculously huge lol
and not do home	oh btw you don't need that much space fo
my external hd if i wanna update distros	are you not going to lose those external
u partition for linux on ur old computer	i know a guy here who velcro's his exter
for ubuntu	oh that was the thinkpad
isn't that process really annoying	eh it was aight, just half an afternoon 
and how did you use it all up	yeah pretty much
 a bunch of datasets for future projects	robot simulations that i never used sinc
oh ic	those datasets you can probs slap onto a
ya	back at booz allen they bought specific 
as i don't install a shit ton of package	well fuk them then, that's the spirit of
i should be fine with maybe 60?	and use the other ~25 for system stuff?
i'll leave 25 for windows	yeah i suppose that would work
d i won't do home, just a root partition	60 gb would probs be running it super ti
well	the only problem i see would be if you'r
are ros and opencv huge packages	maybe like half a gb if you only get the
the python scientific libraries included	holy shit
nnna be doing a lot of simulation models	oh in that case i bet you'll be fine wit
 you store a lot of like videos or smthn	maybe
🐱	i don't think republicans are allowed to
you could be an art historian	like i always knew this shit was expensi
i feel like that literally every day lol	lol it’s aight i was just doing health h
 making dinner rn so i'm down for a call	i’m sitting here doing health hw while o
ok	wow dry is so much worse lol
i didn't realize it was that low	lol
ye	you still wanna chat or you good?
https://youtu.be/3sau5racsge?t=263	 foxy roxy called you.
: )))))))))))))))	🐱
🐱	🐱
which was probably the right move	i agree to that, especially if you have 
ere calling today, sarah was calling sam	lol
rip	yeah, you two just never are in the same
*bonding	was that a freudian slip?
🐱	wait, hadrian was gay?
or rather bisexual	it's probably the water they drank
🐱	🐱
things u learn from 4 yrs of latin	oh my god what
🐱	how's your intro to ml course been?
how was ur midterm?	midterm was easier than i expected, thou
s tryna ramp up their marketing strategy	ooh around the level of ng huh?
ed before 2 every day its actually crazy	lol
just like cmu	yeah that seems to be the smart trend i 
will be transferred to other schools etc	but if you do your masters in cs i bet y
🐱	did you know industry and academia has d
e that industry wouldn't be standardized	i’m surprised they don’t teach us that i
e on the finding others attractive thing	like i thought most people (or at least 
 get into a relationship with anyone yet	lol
🐱	oh shit man
i screenshotted that moment in the story	there’s something making me think that y
also i don't think i screenshotted it	yeah i couldn’t find it in our shared pi
that's tammy i think lmao	priorities lol
yup	where did they go for under?
probably the one where i end up homeless	lol nah dude you’ll burn your name into 
like experiencing deja vu in a dream	turned out there’s a term for it
lol w\ut	yeah same
ur robot instead of hanign out with josh	fuk dude
my house and now my right arm is missing	dude when i saw the preview to your mess
oooh thanks	i notice every associated with that cour
?	i'm going to just go to the lab instead 
elaborate on da feelz	i just get all tired and angsty when i'm
🐱	that is not what i meant lol
hmmmm	idk, talking/thinking about this kinda s
ming u for all the "i'm justin yu" memes	lol
 u gotta stop beng a wus and just say no	every time we interact it's her asking m
dude these signalzzzz	she has a boyfriend
y can you come over and fix my hardware"	holy fuk
you don't feel like u have like a squad?	i feel like i don't need one and i don't
wait so what socila activities do u do	hang out in the lab
nly go on social things with ur lab? lol	holy shit
ug this into my recurrent neural network	are you going to blockchain the cloud to
fuck bad timing	lmao
sorry go on lol	nah that's about it tbh
ng or you are not interested in them lol	like look at this dude who was an ece bs
oh so corporate life	yeah fuck man
hmm	i think it may be the horror of mediocri
wait elaborate	i came here for the lab right
outside of ur lab	yeah
hool. idk if the city itself has meetups	bruh, i live in the forest
eel like you should branch out of ur lab	why do i need to be social outside of th
ut aside silly things like mental health	lmao
or future jobs or opportunities and such	for the first one, i'm already taking ar
lmao	maybe i should check out that asian amer
ya do it	or i could become a full on lab rat like
at least for me	lmao fuk, time to boot up latex
i'm only really looking at startups	you going try skydio?
my resume isn't strong enough regardless	show them up, show them your brilliance 
so we'll see	oh damn that’s intense
 i think it would be a good way to learn	and also emailing massrobotics again
what about just intenring for agilitiy?	lol i have no idea if i’m good enough fo
bly at least consider u for an interview	i only just got a controlled slip model 
st of hiring is not wages but onboarding	i guess i could still ask
nboarding u should have a good advantage	worst case scenario i go back to booz al
can't u get summer housing on campus?	agility is a 20 minute drive from campus
bike	it’s rural af outside of campus
lol	first i suppose i’ll get my resume in or
🐱	well shit you’re not wrong
i pulled mine out of bill gates ass	i know, but i need to learn it anyway, a
sorry i'm tired	holy shit
at protruding out of his midsection then	that’s supposed to be the dick
the body was suppose to be the dick lmao	this whole paper is about dicks
d his head is just on the head of a dick	lol
don't even have full body dicks	there’s a whole paragraph about how the 
smh	that’s why their empire fell
they didn't really have an empire	virgin athenians vs the chad spartans
only predominance in the delian league	well i’m sorry if an empire is irrelevan
at's right i paid attention in 6th grade	lol
d to be a historian in elementary school	oh yeah i recall you mentioning that
holy shit	here’s a question
m class but imma give an answer in a bit	lol the question only rose up since ppl 
economics, so i could b completely wrong	baidu demos stacl (simultaneous translat
like ubi and shit	dude
ry day at mit makes me wish i were smart	it's a bit of a long story
rip	oh shi, then i should probably leave you
blame sarah	i'll lol
🐱	no
r u just going around chadding ppl	otherwise i was moving robots around wit
ld just go up to him and rip his diploma	lol
 wiat why do u need to be more assertive	i'll tell ya another time, since you hav
damn lol	good luck man!!
thxx	🐱
hbu	insecure?
st some bad feels when im tired and sick	it’s not about sarah right
nah nah	oohhh
m just feeling behind on a lot of things	behind?
time doing shit and losing out both ways	lol
or at least with me	there's an easy fix for that, step 1: be
thanks man lol	lol no problemo, i'm here for ya
when i get back to bc ppl are all asleep	do you feel more concerned about the soc
l one bc that's the part i'm not good at	so you feel as if you aren't connected w
ye i guess	what do you want to do about it?
it just feels kinda shitty	yeah i suppose so
ive been averaging 3-4 hrs the past week	yeah you best take that nap jyu
as do i but still	i don’t care that vitamins a,d,e, and k 
🐱	i’ve been pondering about people saying 
 pt where the total productivity is less	how can one be unproductive if all they 
 this what ur health class is teaching u	yeah teaching me propaganda
i'm going to bed early tonight too	oh damn
no homo	<3
i have a blind date on saturday lmao	holy shit what
ress up fancy and then throw a rager lol	what the
it's just a floor tradition lol	ohhh
lol why	cuz these computers are meant for printi
ait what did the fifth yr senior do to u	i technically sit at an open space in th
🐱	he’s also got a high pitched voice
 get this heated about anyone in a while	he’s obstructing work
laptop when there are spaces for laptops	i did when i first asked him to move
i think u gotta be less nice roy	yeah
u gotta go out and chad ppl	what i just don’t get is why he’s being 
mething that u believe is rightfully urs	next time i'll grab his laptop and throw
🐱	🐱
my expectations are low	why so?
 be nice to get a friend out of this tho	ayyy, that's a good attitude
thanks man lol	of course of course
is that the 3d printed one	yeah it was a calming experience
 u k they were defeated by 3 teddy bears	🐱
ps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3c5gn15kas	lol wtf
no its a big meme	like the last jedi?
reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee	lol
l of its cinematic achievements obselete	oh my god i can't believe you camelcasem
to breastfeed in public	how do we know those aliens are female
i just started today thats due in 10 hrs	past 3 am it’s morning my man
ya u should also be asleep man	holy fuck i just puked all over my bed
are you ok	yeh idk what happened
does it actually work like that	what do you mean by does it actually wor
lol	the old one just couldn’t
woah that's actually pretty cool	ikr
 candy corn licking bitch lmao. love you	did sarah send that to you?
ya lol	you ever have moments of philosophical i
not specifically when i take a piss	huh
only things i've been grinding are psets	fuk, my times are off
😫	wow when you put it that way
? no	the virgin group
wut	
what the	"richard branson founded the virgin grou
didn't k they were all on the same group	yeah dude it's insane
lmaooo	dude i finally did it
?	i finally asked a girl out
hold on	nah i’m just fucking with ya
🐱	know me so well :’)
🐱	🐱
w my name so they must have talked to me	or they know someone who talked to you a
true tbh most likely	hey at least they didn’t call you nice
wait is that a reference	lol yeh man
ya.....	i’ve basically ascended (ethan)
lol thamks	how was the date
also my dates happening at 10	apparently they theorize the new art sty
the party started 30 min ago	wait
from cow and befire	"i was already know her"
o lo  k3km	wanna vid call?
but i can call in a bit	damn feelsbad
charge	be careful then, don’t end up drunk and 
wait what part made you stop watching?	lol
was it when l died	i just found mello and near to be a bit 
ng tho damn my heart rate spiked so hard	well shit man i didn’t get far enough fo
wait have u watched the ending then?	yeah, i eventually saw that later
e whole concept of death note is so cool	hm something about the idea
lmao	but then again last night you were compl
d global war and crime by 70% in 5 years	i mean hilter also produced some good st
the ends absolutely do justify the means	but the world doesn’t only work in one p
but not nearly as many guilty ppl	it’s best not to trade lives, #captainam
ives just so he could try to save vision	well the clear reasoning for that is tha
e through the medium of stone cold logic	oh like how in the beginning light and l
good	lol so many themes and topics that line 
sdjofipijaslkdfjkdjofpqowierjoifjoqijwef	lmao
n oh man this show was so good holy fuck	so uh, weeb huh?
lmao	is there anything new on your to watch l
so why would i watch a weeb show	code geass season 2 is hella wack
nahhhhh anime takes up so much time	lol
watching anime is so time expensive	wait, don't tell me you watched death no
eath note is ltierally right up my alley	lmao
yes basically	you need to watch cowboy bebop
cuz im not a weeb	cowboy bebop is _the_ show to get non-we
vatar the last airbender is not an anime	the creators clearly say it's inspired b
🐱	jesus-loving lmao
🐱	yeh cuz i'd rather focus on research rn 
bitch if ur such a fucking bitch ya know	there's also the moment when you called 
or something	and also when you tried to find your pan
lmao did max send u the video	"i'm the sun bitch! i'm a fusion reactio
oh ya lol	nah i saw everything real time
fuuuuuuuuuk where are my pants?	i also like how you're still so consider
i think im just gonna die alone	don't be a little bitch
 were telling me to do it ya little shit	nah man, max and i just laid out the pro
these are quotes from the movie	holy shit
also the force is dope	blocking gunshots with laser swords is a
they're acutally midicholrians	how the fuk do bugs in your blood stream
shhhhhhhhhhhhhhh	yeh ok man
also probably over winter break	oh shi
did he connect u with specific ppl?	no lol
is this for next summer?	where he spent a summer at the mit leg l
 going in for a 3 hr in person interview	dayumnnn
gettin that erection🇺🇸day🇺🇸dick ⚖️💯🍆🔥💦👅😩	voting?
lol	what do you think this means
uh	and i have no idea how to vote when i'm 
 guess u had to vote like a week ago lol	lmao
at least you know ur birthday is safe	yeah i suppose lol
my most up to date resume that i'm using	holy, your resume and even its base core
lol theres no such thing as better	idk man, you have way more experience th
y it later on in an interview ur all set	i can’t talk about what i’ve done with t
*still talk about	i suppose so, we’ll have to see i suppos
 student lab, that's already really good	there are people who’ve done that since 
bc were talking about a resume	oh yeh
just need to package it in the right way	i’m pretty sure i’m just technically a v
ask someone what youre official title is	since i came in randomly one day, sat in
ts about what you should put yourself as	“volunteer researcher” i guess
ya that works too	yeh true
just don't put "volunteer"	idk why i suddenly had a freak out momen
mes a positive feedback loop of bitching	lol what the
🐱	🐱
but in general i'm pretty shit	yeah i suppose that is a big and importa
ye there we go	also i think matlab is a better language
python for loops are so useful	i think python just doesn’t understand t
its probably not shit	the skeleton in terms of the order of st
it doens't open	yeah, cuz windows rebranded it as .pdf e
lmao	short resume.pdf
except the fonts don't all match up	lmao fuk
instead of it being sentences	da fuk is this convention
or something like that	aw shit, but doesn’t that take up more l
 a full line as possible for each bullet	is this what graphic designers do all da
lol	don’t like how goddamn bland my resume i
probably wouldn't do that	aw man
you can mention it in your interview tho	what if the resume ppl are all small sta
then its up to you	hebi robotics is still like ten dudes fr
te text on a blue background looks wierd	whattt
casually explained is fucking hilarious	lol
i'm shooting my first gun today lol	wait wut
today was shooting day	wait wut i thought your pe was just heal
that's for half a sem	🐱
what even is ancient jewish art	greek with red-figure decorations, so pr
impala songs covered by arctic monkeys 😍	"i got my hopes up again, oh no... not a
ps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wycjnccgues	wut, you're into psych rock? i thought y
e same but there are a few i really like	oh yup, that's definitely psych rock
i had a busy weekend of not psetting lol	ahhh
o started listening to the strokes a lot	bruh, why you on my wavelength rn
arnetly alex turner got inspiration from	get off mah lambda
yoooo	i had no idea that the strokes were olde
rtly inspired by the strokes to start am	ah yeh i can see where that comes from
lol	lmao
bruh bruh bruh bruh	whoa
this is one fat lambda	i'm also on windows rn too
rip lol	yeh, either the velocity of this wave is
but ya yolo is such a good song	apparently the physics department here i
in the summer and u didn't like reptilia	ye, my prof literally spent a whole lect
and damn ya that's like carlson	only problem is since we're on a quarter
n a frat so u can be forced to be social	i haven't seen direct sunlight in two da
bruh that's actually concerning	didn't stan lee pass away yesterday?
 need to add some social commitments man	i mean, i can still function in the lab,
ya sleep is a good idea	da fuk you sorry for
i think it's a transition college thing	oh i did want your opinion on one thing 
ya..	idk, that just left a very bad taste in 
ut the fruits of the labor, namely wages	yeah, but that’s what bothers me so much
looking at careers as ways to make money	yeah, that’s very true
ye...	time to learn football
or at least step outside ur room	or i can keep on banking on the lab for 
lol no roy	i notice i rant mainly on the weekends w
ok i gtg sleep cuz it's 4:40	fuk damn sorry sorry
tell me about ur existential dread	lol
wdym	for a small startup looking for interns
what quality could u add by waiting	fuk time to submit
 send it over i can read it rn if u want	nah it’s alright, you were already worki
l substance is there anything u can add?	you must have more urgent work rn
ed to take a break from studying anyways	idk, they’re an actuator company
🐱	no homo
done	oh damn you fast
its all good lol	damn, i think rethink was a prime perfec
🐱	🐱
good luck!	thanks man
lol	oh shit
 just been super hosed the past few days	you stressin'?
se cases even if they're both fiberglass	yeah that’s very true
lmaoo	you ever have those moments when you jus
me other medium, its been helpful for me	damn that’s really optimistic of ya
 much time i want to spend on each thing	lol i used to use the same style of note
lmao nice	yeh idk, sometimes i’m just mad at mysel
any plans yet? or just chillin	continuing the research of jesse after h
meh	really??
us on some work i need to finish tonight	🐱
thanks for asking tho	https://youtu.be/4feusts21-8
lmao wtf	hey man, what can i say?
https://youtu.be/q3uy2kwod4q	idk if i wanna watch that lol
🐱	was that a jab at my impeccable music ta
o cocaine *eh* cocain ruin yo brain *eh*	lmao
yup	fukkk now i really wish i was coming bac
its not too late	lo siento
damn	hey hey
but after tomorrow i'm freeee	yeee, get that good ol' sleep
wait holy shit happy birthday	lol
wait when is ur bday again	lol
oh ripp sorry man	lol no need to be sorry
how s thanksgiving?	lots of chinese restaurants lol
ike last shadow puppets from alex turner	yeh, i had to go out at night and attemp
that's right bitch	🐱
what were u doing	i found some strange discoveries in my d
d a factory reset on my windows side lol	i planned out each half hour of my week 
damn	🐱
we can update eachother on life	holy crap i need to listen to that song
also when do your finals end	wednesday
lol its all good	i need to read that emo piece you sent i
make u wanna put on some black eyeshadow	and then listen to my chemical romance
ound so no one will see them or anything	lol
w good the results will be but we'll see	i swear if it turns out to be a homophob
lmao	how is it gonna work?
es to predict characters that come after	wait so it doesn't exactly "understand" 
 fuck and something im still tryna grasp	it might follow up with "the trans"
ya	i wanted to say something more radical, 
ithms can be confusing as fuck sometimes	btw do you know what this means?
lol	oh
not wanting to leave osu?	nah the lab
i mean and ur family right	but then the research, the many new hori
the grad students also go back for break	some of them are staying
ons can u really grasp over winter break	i hope they get more funding
hurst is probably gone too	that's true ppl still celebrate christma
for so long, sometimes u gotta step back	welp shit that might mess up the data fo
 for fb to prepare the download file :'(	lol yeh, this chat must be huge
damn nice selfir	yeh
wait gimme like 5 min	aight
 the video chat ended.	aha! i think i’ve found it
rsitytickets.com/w/event.aspx?id=939&p=1	yeah i think i put too much emphasis on 
i think sarah is going on thurday	oh shit
to them more it suddenly gets realy good	like alcohol?
🐱	🐱
its the really edgy arctic monkeys album	is it just me or has the music you’ve be
basically once i got to arctic monkeys	you’re the most reasonable person i know
context?	lorenzo, masters student super cool dude
knowing what's going on over not knowing	yeh that’s true
inkg every little social interaction lol	comparatively to the rest of us and espe
can't go wrng lol	like your social interactions of breakin
🐱	🐱
fucking weebs	coming from the dude who sent the most r
they were multicultural quips	that’s what a weeb would say
i'm not a weeb your a weeb	your idea of a perfect moment would be w
isn't the idea of that so warm and fuzzy	all the anime movies i’ve seen were by m
lol fuckinf catholics	fuck yeah it’s good
r soul mate was within you all along :')	yeh fuk dat noise
lol wtf	right?? they’re so bizarre
welcome back!	thanks my man
thursday at 6 is not sold out	lmaoo
ya they sell them on campus	aight
if u just pay me back	aw shit wait do you know if kathryn is a
no idea i don't talk to her	shizzz
oh	it’s aight though i can take a look arou
wdym by keeping an eye out	i’m here tonight for kiera
who's kathryn	lulus friend
who's kiera	short, asian, from ny
ok i mixed them up	but she’s also the girl who’s dorm i vis
ye	fuk that also came out wrong
but it turns out she was the snacc	i should just stop talking today
what recital	music chamber thingy
nope	fuk dude i woke up thinking i was still 
damn	it felt
n't eat absolute trash on the west coast	at least not the pacific northwest
damn	aight time to start hunting on campus
i'm also currently at the student center	do you think they have change for 100?
i think they mainly take venmo	bruh fuk
lol i dont	jk jk i can ask around the shops i suppo
ye	gonna be balling
don't u miss the red line	nah it ain’t
transport in the west coast is def worse	man outside looks great
yeee	yeh my goddamn it’s so bad or just inexi
the boston skyline is so nice and serene	you should watch it with a girl
e to get absolutely fucked up at my frat	lmao
🐱	“what a beautiful evening, welp time to 
"welp time to get wasted"	“with my frat of all dudes”
:')	fuk i’m lost already
did u arrive in kendall?	yeh
oh did you come in from north station	yeh
you have to walk	fuk i should’ve brought my board
lol	lmao
you're fucking welcome	hardcore meme right there
🐱	if i see sang bae kim imma tackle him
just flash your cassie	stick up my middle fingers
lol	a lot less abgs here
ta cuz no ones selling boba in campus rn	lmao
are u here?	yeh
ew why u on the second floor	there’s an art gallery on the second flo
thats just straight up black	how are you still alive
i might keep it	you’re gonna die from fungi lol
yee	lulu just left with for yoga
oh nice	goddamn it’s so nice
at next?	nah
oh is it on the 5th floor	nah we went down some floors
 is it under the big dome or little dome	there’s a little dome?
lol	damn
at bc	ahhh
cuz i got two adt rehearsals tonight	ahhh
back to back lol	i see where your gains come from
