u have to give it a different angle	ah shit i lost track of time
we just finished	*planned to go to botball, fuk u atucorrect
btw did u tell max and ben and ethan?	noperino
oh. cuz it sounds like they k	sam ernest and bowen know now lol
oh ok so ya	the smart bois they probs figured it out
oh nice	you wanna have scheduled college sesses? where we just edit our apps? i think a structured schedule will keep away the whole "no place is as good as the ri" away from me
max and ben are just worried	btw i just reorganized my whole drive, just shared it with ya
ugh max and ben want to come anyways lol do u not want ppl in ur house?	yeh not rn at least
when do u wanna do them	what time u free my man?
i cam also do wednesday night's or tuesday nights	alright sounds good
also are you planning on reapplying for cmu regular?	i'm going to call them tomorrow if i can reapply _just_ for meche in engineering, i'mma beg and cry
but dietrich! :d	i already emailed them today and they i could do that, but i'mma get vocal confirmation tomorrow
nice	nah, it's harder to transfer to engi or cs if you're from dietrich
woops that was so much worse	bruh
u liked cmu bc of her personality	lol, nice backpedaling, thx man
im so good at comforting ppl	but i'm losing any flow lmao
lol that's fine, its probably better to write out what u want than restructure it	i actually like weedtown's questions, i really wrote a lot for that one
i should probably get started on that	let's be real here, a 3.9 gpa guy like me has no chance at places like mit or weedtown
ok maybe not weedtown if u don't feel it but mit	you actually want me to apply to mit?
i mean theres so mch emotions invested into the college app i can kinda understand why some ppl might be mad	hey, how about we make a quick baking blog and youtube channel?
final boss meme	truuu
how did u just realize that today	i just had it stuck in my mind that cmu had the most resources and was the only place that allowed that
this is what happens when roboticists try to force out applications	feelssad man
oh i found a new song thats pretty catchy	yeh?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_426riwst8	is it going to have crazy ass lyrics like that last song you showed me lol?
psh not tht crazy	damn, you're really into rock huh?
even a 3.51	that 3.51 was a rich athlete and we know it
before polcari i thought mit didn't care abotus ports	division iii school>cares about sports
	maybe this isn't healthy but i was thinking about reapplying meche even if they say no
i mean u could and its not like they would be able to tell	i know this will sound really arrogant and i can't believe that i'm still hung up on this, but what part of my app did they just think "nope" to...
ya sure	i need this shit man, then i'll be off the hook i swear, just one more hit
i would try to show that more in the essays	thx man, it's good to hear from a close friend
np. i just tried to tell u as straight up as possible lol, i don;t mean to be brutal	nah, it's perfect
ur humanity needs to reach at least 80% and ur have 20 in empathy	but my human side is weak, i can't show my vulnerabilities
lmaooo	yeh, i had a similar suspicion so i started to inject some of my more artsy ambitions into my apps
the mindset is that you can always teach ppl to be good at skills, but u can't teach a person to have a good personality	damnit, so don't say buzzwords likei know the industry standard robotics operating system that are used by professionals and some of the most advanced robots in the world?
basicaly tie all ur experiences to specific character traits	you fucking genius
	lol and you thought you were too technical in your writing
well i still kinda suck at creative writing	you must have some experience though right? didn't you also want to publish a book?
ya i liked creative writing as a kid but i was never very good	ahhh
ball toss?	yup yup
ya	i'm just about to start it lol
lemme k if u need anything for the lab	alright, thanks man, let me know if you need anything
probably on wednesday night tho	ooh, that comes out tomorrow?
yup	alright, i'll buy you some cold ones
i'm not really stressing about it rn tho i feel like i should be	those lines sound very similar to what i said not too long ago
:')	also that feel when you're "too cookie cutter asian" but the clearest fix would be to be black or hispanic
if u put a random race on ur app	our names kind of give it away though lol
jk i just made that up	and if they call you out then you can play the "you're questioning my race?" card
"this is.. this is sexual harassment!"	"i"m not exotic"
although there are a few scientific studies and arguments that i think are valid, in favor of affirmative action	like wut
same	a kid from the projects should get a boost compared to a kid from exeter
i think affirmative acion based on income make sense	maybe when we have influence we can advocate for that
https://www.xavier.edu/mfi/documents/steele_claude_m.stere.thrt.inafrican.am.tst.perfm.1995.pdf	holy shiz, 1995?
this was an interesting study (i didnt read the whole thing, just a summary)	what's the sum all 'bout?
thats the results	lol that chart looks hand drawn, that's kind of funny
whereas if they are told its not a measure of intelligence, black and white ppl perform the same	has this been replicated though?
applied to affirmative action, basically since college is widely held as a measure of intelligence or of achievement, the idea is that black ppl who perform less have actually higher potential than they appear while white and asians would be performing at their peak performance, or even higher bc they are stereotypically smarter	after reading a lot of papers on robo claims i've learned to be doubting with results lol
ya, stereotype threat is a pretty accepted thing	hmmm, not sure how to deal with this new info yet
so that proves the results are due to cultural stereotypes	so you're telling me that the liberals are right?
not so much about the whole not having ur economy collapse tho	let's hope that autonomy solves that problem ;)
lol that's probably a good idea	i wanted to continue to edit
are you in school today?	ye
?	die
uh	not gonna lie i spent a lot of time just reading on reddit or college confidential about other ppl getting in or being denies
well o guess everyone's just competitive	they don't release stats on early
fuck	what's wrong?
that sucks	oh
oh no i just read ur msg	i thought you meant something else lol
r u busy rn?	it's all right, it's not the institute that makes the roboticists, it's the person
can i come over?	lol sure i suppose
i'm at the school and just finished circuit lab	vara just stopped by too lmao
i'll be walking in like 5 min	kk
 foxy roxy missed a call from you.	y u call meh
got in	:ooooo
holy	congrats!!!!
my parents are calling al the relatives	this better not be an elaborate meme
lmao	alright, heard from max, it's not an elaborate meme lol
yeeeaaaaaaaa	wooohoooooooo
do u k	i know
wait so deferral?	idk
:/	he figured it out by asking other ppl lol
massive cold ones	now he says he's triggered at me for not telling him
i didn't message him or anything before	alright, apparently he's calling you arrogant rn, not trying to stir drama, just wanting to tell you info that you would probably want to know/keep in mind
lol	idk lol
so its ok	hmm, enough of this negative petty shit though, can't let a hot one ruin all the cold ones
i'm still out with the fam	holy crap, that's quite late!
i'm glad to hear it	love ya justin
there less sappy	"you're gonna kickass on these new college essays">>your dream of legged locomotion indicates that you're a retard
lol	so are you just gonna do weedtown and mit now?
which means o have more time to help read over ur essays lol	awww
do u mean in person?	oh ur choice lol either is fine i think
same	wait really
nah it's in arlington	oh wow, that's quite the drive
but my mom will be working from home that day so i'll get a ride	ahh
cya tomorrow	cya
yo what lunch do u have?	i got second
welp	did you hear?
so did nico barlos	wowow, harvard sure loves winchester
lol brandon / the junior are currently probing everyone	i don't know who that is
i told them	nioce nioce
and stuff	to be fair i also only looked at the legged locomotion field lol
nice man	aaron ames is from ut austin
	what'chu doin' my man?
doing the written part of the webassign	lmaoo
nice	let me know if you need anything
this is the ramp one	i also put ff = 0
ok	where u at
i'm going home to get changed for my interciew	oh man
class of '59 lol	lydia is apparently 30s yrs old lol
lol truuu	you can also ask about his first gf
thanks!	what can i buy with 4 bucks at starbucks
a straw	you coming back for towers?
i just finished the interview	lol
well lemme see after we drop the guy off	awww alright
hey if u come to the sci oly meet ;	lol
no we're actually short	but howwww
how'd it go	went well i think it was like my last one
he didn't really ask me anythng	really???
lol	lol
hopefully	i think jenn is also mad at me now lol
? y	i talked with vara and i told him that some stuff he said might've offended ppl like jenn and now she told me he's ranting with her
after what i sent u	wut
ugh ya so he unblocked me about an hr after the first message, sent a rage bubble, then blocked me again	lol alrighty then
just like know fam, for ppl like u who get the bare minimum done and dont really try / put any real effort, sure u might get the results u want today (and i fucking hate u for it), but when i kick ur ass l8er, its gonna be sooooooooooo much sweeter. like fam, ngl, you have absolutely no clue about real hardship and sacrifice so i hope you enjoy today, because ur accomplishment is one worth celebrating -- ik, i wanted it bad -- but wipe that smug arrogance and pretentiousness off ur douche face becuase as much as u think ur the person that likes deep convos and "intellectuality" like in the end, like no, ur just the most shallow person on the inside and i hope that you really do end up going to harvard, because otherwise ur just being such a waste.	wait i didn't mean to do that
yup...	you sacrificed a lot
like ok i kinda understand the first message, hes mad and stuff sure. but this def crossed a bunch of lines	sorry lol just saw a good opportunity and wanted to cheer up the atmosphere
and then this	well he was true to his word
thats just so fucking toxic	you better lawyer up asshole, because i'm not coming back for 30%, i'm coming back for everything.
lmao	did that help cheer you up?
not viable	:'(
tadaa	u got meh
lol thanks roy, i'm glad you can always come fix my hardware	<3
bc its unhealthy	it does seem like a toxic relationship
i don't mean to pin blame, like i'm aware i'm also super flawed and do contribute to the toxicity, but i feel like its mainly vara's inability to control his emotions, or put friendship first over competition	since when are you toxic lol
thanks <3	i believe he also has a different view on friendship right!
kinda a bad argument	ngl sounds like what david would say lol
xd	lmaoo
there have already been multiple points where i've thought about that	it might seem "correct" to try to stay friends but trust me when i saw sometimes some bridges are just too far hazardous to repair
but its always been that it will definitely hurt all the clubs we do, which will negatively impact other ppl besides us two	oh man
ideally i just want a working relationship	is that girls feel like when they reject us
lololololololol	lol sorry just got a bit too real for meh
ya i feel ya. that's kinda where jen and i are heading	sometimes whatever happens simply happens
true	you've been handling it alright man?
this just means i will be spending more time out with the boiiiis	da boissssss
how has ur account not been banned lol	i never had an account lol
ok	has vara talked to you again?
*gif	took some googling
rip butterbot :'(	envy is an ugly creature
oh u might even be able to come if u want	lmao perhaps
u can decide tomorrow	alrighty
i told her about it	is she one the bois now lol
aw i shoulda shown it to her	one day it'll be legit
yea boi	dun mean to bother you but vara just showed me a text u sent and i'm here to meme to make the mood not as bad
ya lol i was talking mainly about u and more generally the ppl i've been getting more close with these days	<3
lol vara just messaged me "we need to talk"	if you want context he heard about all the rumors going around today about him being mad at you
	perhaps if i just shut down this phone it will all go away
let's do it	are u at the school rn? i just woke up lol
nope lol	i feel
damn really	yeh man dat shiz' hella cash
nice	nvm i'm walking straight to stop n shop lol
oh ok	7819603202
im getting an upgraded laptop	:0
and touch screen	ew
and better display	touch screen
http://www.dell.com/en-us/shop/cty/pdp/spd/xps-13-9360-laptop/dncwtr753h	wait idk how compatible 16.043 lts unity system is with touchscreen lol
also has better display	when u getting this bby
they're still shipping it	holy shit 1500?!
for the same price :d	lol
we downloaded a few drivers and uninstaleld and reinstaled some stuff	dayumnnn
also my dad sounds really angry over the phone even when hes not lmaoo	lolll
we're gonna need lots of cold ones to get through it	tru :'(
quality memes	jeezus bruh lol
lol have fun workin out	thx thx
lol i've startd playing smash in econ	training montage
lol get u back later	i just woke up lol
ya if u can that would be great	i'll be done before 3am
we can grin them out	i only did the first one so far lmao
ok	i'm also taking a huge dump rn
ive kinda procastinated until now	tired times?
ya.. twas a bad idea	nah it's fine
doing 3	kk
do u have a class a block?	yup yup
do uw ant to go over them in d block?	dun worry we can finish by this morning
lmao ok	
im doing 1 now	you did 1 last??
i need a boost a confidence with an atwood problem	lmaoo
lmao	you're the best at explaining stuff
it takes about 1.064 seconds for m1 to deccelerate from -2.4 m/s to 0	how u find dat
ya	wutttt
no i got it	lol
u just have to use what u got from part a	"did you do it this way or that way?">> ya
btw for part c of the 3rd one i don't get why that works	https://web.njit.edu/~gary/111/assets/hw4_sol.pdf
why did i actually do physics	lmaooo
hmm	i'm not sure what to think for 1b now since of dat pdf lol
but i feel like what i did makes sense	maybe you broke physics
did u hear the massacre that happened today	?
(except david, he got into columbia!)	nice!!!
ya and then tacked on theres a lot of personal drama	more so than what happened with you and vara???
but jen isn't talkng to me for some reason	she's mad that you apparently let her cornell news slip?
she never even told me what the result was	i don't think you should get hung up on this kind of stuff though, esp now
oh lol	idk when she got annoyed at me i just went radio silent and things turned out ok
and i could tell she was a bit annoyed at me bc shes hostil whenever i talk to her but idk why she would be pissed	are you really hung up about this?
i guess i shouldn't be	nah, it's alright to be hung up about a friend not talking to you
but like i don't even k what the heck she's mad about and shes hostile everytime i talk to her	lol dun worry that kind of stuff is subjective, i think you're a good friend
so meh	i don't think i've ever seen you like this
ya sorry for ranting. all this drama thats going on is rubbing off on me and making me into a little drama fucker	nah it's alright lol
ya.... ugh	btw do you know if the dynamics quiz tomorrow is just chapters 4 and 5?
the wut	bruh
wtf	on dynamics
whats dynamics	lol
is it basically pulley stuff	idk, that's why i was asking u lmao
lol	i feel
especially cuz i hae no clue why	do you want me to ask lol
actually u can	i don't really know jenn _that_ well i would say lol, sometimes she has minirants that she tells me
i mean honestly u can even just tell her i was talking to u about how idk why jen's so mad at me	btw the quiz tomorrow is on chapters 2 -5 fuuuuu
what is chapter 5	friction
i think	that's like 4 chapters doe
and the conical pendulum, and other rotating stuff	btw does your pops think i'm insane for bd now?
lol probabky	is everything cool now with you and vara?
i'm just looking for a working relationship with him tbh. i think it will be ok next week	maybe jenn also wants a working relationship
"carrying laundry"	yeh...
over break i can probably help u	are we going to have grind sess's?
for about 2 hrs lol	g'night!
cya	sweet dreams
a wut	we had to buy an nhs shirt by today
nhs feels like the mafia	yeeee
oh that's nice	or
mmmmmhm what'd i tell ya	not sure if going to the star wars thing is worth it for me rn
i'm really sick today so i'm flaking for tfa part	i literally did no work yesterday lol
it's worth it :d	lmao thanks
lol r u asleep	doing work
r u coming?	i thought you guys were coming at 9
well it's 16 min before	that's a lot of minutes lol
do u want anything from stop and shop	cold ones of course
here	finally fuking finished filming
nice	got any tips for getting rid of headaches?
maybe like a cold press with a towel	i read that as
r u using it on ur linux side?	nope windows
hmm thats wierd	yo man, you doin' alright?
well im still sick af lol	just makin' sure lol
but then i'd have to do all this hw for english d:	lol
but that's rpobably not good for my throat	yeh, then just don't come to school tomorrow bruh
wdym by feel like shit	my head is spinning like crazy
so idts	maybe i got a delayed hangover from all the cold ones
probaby just sleep tbh	but all dese apps n tests
welp	can't tell if resting or power through is more optimal
welp	u mia rn?
ya	not coming to botball?
nope	ahh ic ic
its soooo wholesome	dat songs old news
oh btw got my new computer	niceeeee
bc they felt bad	staying at home today?
nah i'm in school	yeh this is like the fourth time you told me lol
tho i'll never use touchscreen	u gunna dualllll
ya ofc	d-d-d-d-d-d-duallll
of crashing	that's just a windows problem
:)	oh god
*gap yeaaaaaarrrr*	are you trying to hardcore meme rn lol
and do u have the video done?	nope doing audio tonight
got rejected by colleges	nah this isn't about collegio
probably cuz his personality was shit	ayyyyyyy
lol in an mit admissions blog they literally mention that kid and how they rejected him so ppl shouldn't worry about having too may accomplishments	what if they just rejected him to make an example of him
damn ultimate powermove	i wonder what they are looking for
but u have to always link acheivements to personality traits, or else they won't really care	tell a story yup yup yup
or food blogging about chickens in french	oh god the memes
:'(	just run your own bakery
just cuz they're looking for different things	yeh
meming so hard rn lol	it hurts and soothes at the same time
lemme k if u need anything	<3
r u still under for hours	nope
wait chakladar cooks?	bruh
i thought there are professional ppl to cook	also wanna tutor muraco kids? it'll fill out your tutoring requirement + if you already did that get extra hours
i already filled all my tuoring and hours	even for graduation?
wait how much for graduation	i think 30?
well shit	lmao
are the soup kitchens always wednesday?	monthly
i'll probably do more volunteering after jan 2	so you're up for soup kitchen tomorrow? ;)
what time?	4:30 - 6:30
where's the soup kitchen?	fuck if i know
if someone drops out	c'monnnn
lol ok how do i sign up	you can take my spot if you want
uh no it's ok	bring some food back to me pls
u should gooo	come with meh pls
maybe next month	:'(
and part of the 2nd	alright
do they take long	nah
so	
	we gotta put in the additional info that we don't actually have dicks due to a freak circumcised incident
*opens admissions packet*"girl in stem"*jizzes uncontrolably*	lmaooo
well humanities isn't like a girl saturated field. there are plenty of unemployed men	hot dayumn
yo roy can i put smthn in ur house	
ru at the school?	i'm at 
just curious	did you want to come over or something lol
but i got picked up so	lol
i'm literally calculting how bad my english essay can be for me to maintain an a- in the class	you wanna do my oc hw?
nah	it'll help you get rid of your senioritis
gotta write my college apps	i'm trying to help you
i just relaly don't wanna do this fricking englihs essay	
fuck i shoulda taken drama	it's an amazing class
yup	danggg
ya for mit but haven't started stanford	you gots any time any time soon for a mad collegio app edit session?
	dear god
16	16.04.3 lts?
and ya	the different flavors are just used specialized ver of ubuntu
ah ic	it's like trying anal
i don't think anal is lightweight or pretty compatable with packages	you don't know until you try it
u might want to get to first base first	yeh
oh i thought it was eye contact	eye contact during anal
preferably not in the gutters	apparently there was this one girl in her senior quote
btw if u say "his murder", does that mean him being killed or him killing someone else	how could the internet lie to me so
like for example "shakespeare describes hamlet's murder"	doesn't that just depends on context then
oh ok	btw if you say "her anal" does that mean her being analed or her analling someone else
anal isn't a verb u dingus	no it is
its either an adjective or a contrived noun	i anal, you anal, we all anal
i think ur prnouncing it wrong	"siri, do you do anal"
roy get back to work	"i'm sorry, i'm afraid i don't have an answer to that"
ok i need to get back to work too	that could be the mouth
stop	
can't even do anal	this is getting more and more weird
roy ur really wierd	i wasn't the one who turned it into fucking phones
hey i just realized we don't have a meme nickname for umich	congrats!!!
nah no school is too wholesome to be memed	we don't really meme buzz we meme other schools about buzz lol
ppl just seemed normal lol	"normal"
everyone's doing projects in the basements	ouch
that they use for promotional videos	lmao
lol	i noticed that the mit maker videos that didn't make the cut
ya well that makes sense	some or rather a lot of the ones that got rejected had really high production value though
and they will only judge u on those main idea snippets	"french food blogging"
don't forget she also went to vietnam sometimes	main ideas :')
i'm just chilling at the school for a bit	haaaa
lmao	do you have a good mic that i may borrow?
when do u need it by	probs this weekend
sure	i also think my marth can beat your ichigo now
fake news	https://docs.google.com/document/d/14ijcq38ewsxr97dnrkml_vrdtgrkcpnwtfitb0-foum/edit?usp=sharing
have u started doing any of it yet?	i scrapped the old vid
lol it's not done i was interruptes	lmao
lol i'll finish the feedback after school	i just went back home
oh nice	you just hanging out at the school?
talking to petty rn	feel free to drop by so i can wreck your ass in smash if you want
btw u ok with doing helicopters for sci oly?	do i really have a choice? ;)
lol the rest of us suck	nah, that's not it lol
u just have to kinda talk about it	wait, we're just introing?
or are u *scaaarreed*	maybe after i finish writing some code for the video lol
(pussssssyyyy)	ok i'm done
i just go finished making quizbowl questions	you can if you want
ok	wait, you don't think the script has an arc?
arc for urself	you mean stuff like the journey of making these robos and how they affected me?
which is not super emphasized	i already kind of talked about that in the app, idk if i want to repeat it again in the vid
how dem apps going	unmotivated lol
sammmmee	wanna try to have a college grind sess tomorrow?
:/	lol
both ended up going to much better colleges	yeh i suppose so
nah haven't really made too much progress on my apps	i think i'm done with weedtown now
take the mind off college apps for a day	my fam never does stuff during the holidays lol
oh lol	my folks and i aren't exactly huge on family activities and stuff lol
that visit ever	the last time my relatives visited was when my cousin were touring colleges
oh	gotta love them drinking sessions
my parents are family friends with like all the asians in other towns except winchester	are you going to be ok though? the deadline is coming up real soon
ya nothing a little cramming can't solve	"tell us about something that is meaningful to you and why. (100 to 250 words)collecting data?"
(i'm currently hiding from socializing with my family friends)	if i take out that boring sentence im just at the word limit
lemme k if ur ready for some editing	you can edit any of them if you feel like it lol
oh ok so ur essays are all ready?	ready for editing
and nah i haven't written anything much for my apps	have you done brainstorming yet man
like i have some parts written for different ideas	oh yeh did you retract your apps from ucb and buzz n' other schools yet?
idk how to do that	ayyy
and she showed me a bunch of horror stories of rescinded applicants xd	how can i withdraw my applications after being accepted by my early decision college?you must directly contact the colleges to which you have applied to inform them you have been accepted early decision at another school and therefore want to withdraw your application. please contact the admissions office at each college and ask what method is best -- some might consider a phone call or e-mail sufficient, while others might request a written letter.
and maybe keep gtech bc barely anyones appying early for gtech	isn't jenn and vara applying to buzz?
whats the room	one sec
ok i'm in	nioce
oh	fuk
fuck yaaa	0-1
6% more damage ;)	im ready
ok we should do stage bans	lets go
hold on	kk
ok back i was walking my grandparents to their car	dfuk
fuck	oh wut
this lag	aw yeh
is so laggy	yeh ok man
are we doing u have to change characters if u lose	weak
im banning dreamland	:'(
can u pick waiting room	oh goddamnit
ew	aw shit what
ok this fucking lag	what stage ban and map you want?
thats also platforms	lol
ok how about pokemon stadium	:'(
no banning pokemon stadium	kk
lol	got it
boom	i call bs
next match doesnt count ok :d	fine fine
boooom	that match didn't count
:d	hey
ok	we still got one more game left
hmm maybe i should stick with isaac	for best of 5
nah i'll go ichigo	wait you won the last game though
true	imma choose a map now
fuck	3-2
hey if u average that out its 10 - 3 me ;)	how about we go by games now lol
and actually i have to go to bed soon bc i need to get up eary tomorrow for more mandatory fun	what is this mandatory fun you're talking about
oh like family friend visits and parties and stuff	wow lol
ya ikr	:'(
nah just until the 27th	:(
*same	so dual boot collegio sess on the 27th?
i might be leaving tomorrow morning for mandatory fun and won't be back until 27th but i can leave the mic in my mailbox	nah nah it's fine
8-1	only the most recent samples have the most validity in measuring kickassery
fuck i cant make puns with ichigo	ichigo in japanese means strawberry i think
richchiggoa	lmao
it will feel more personal	i'm at the limit
oh nvm then	bruh
oh nice nice	this stuff is cringe to watch lol
lol i'm going to see star wars again	again???
my stomach hurts from the smell	lol
yo roy what did u write about for yoru challegne essay for mit?	i wrote about growing up
ya sure	you free for a college grind sess tomorrow?
i can probably if it's later in the day	anytime
oh ya ik about that but probably not for me	awww
lol wut	*there's grind time prime time in my bedroom tomorrow night
ya i can probably make it	are you out of town rn?
nah i have a mahacks conference call	is it like a big one?
its with my team members, and its starting in 5 min	ooh
oh nop	how long will the meeting take?
but tomorrow we can grind	it's never too late into the night
but ya ill come tomorrow	<3
oof roy can u give me some motivation	here watch this
lmao	still need motivation?
but the moment has mostly passed	do you need a gf?
mahacks just stresses me out a lot	
yes	allow me
ya i saw that	what happened at mahacks?
and all my team members are all also doing college apps	i believe this is what is known as "worrying too much"
ya ikik its completely stupid i just get these moments of intense stress and i like can't do anything else to take my mind off it	he isn't even working that hard he's just crying over weeb shit
but aren't there other organizers for tri-m that can take care of it	neither is sarah either lol
i'm confused as to when whos talking xd	
	there, now you know who's talking
wait	if you're over worrying then take your mind off of it
i still got a lot of work and the worrying is justified 	i think you should get some sleep first
hi sam	just go to sleep bruh
i mean roy	
hi roy	did you finish weedtown and mit yet?
:'(	at that point i think it's better to nap and wake up early with a fresh mind
ya true	quality over quantity
i decided to make some memes	fuck you
yes	why u do dis
this was good for my soul ok	tru
lol ya cya tomorrow	what time you wanna grind time prime time
how about like 7?	yeh sure
these stanford questions are so wierd	coming to my place or mikes place
prbablu ur place	kk let me know when u have an eta
in 15 min	kk
here	dayumn
to come	thanks for the catch on grammar lol
i'm still debating about the challenge question for mit	still???
and i'm taking a break from mit and doing stanford	ahh
in their words "it sounds like 'this happened, and then this' but not really a challeneg"	ahh
whereas if i did overcoming social anxiety it would be more just me	you can't mention mahacks in your portfolio?
do u think social anxiety would be a compelling topic?	depends on how you spin it
it's also not something that i figured out a solution for. i just forced myself to mess up more in public and the more i messed up the better i got lol	isn't that a solution lol
oh	welp shit then i better rewrite my essay lol
her essay was about working with someone she didn't like for volleyball	i think you should write about what conveys more about you as a person
eh i'll see. i might just draft one for social anxiety and see what happens	nice nice
btw how many days did we stay in dvaids basement for gcer prep	not sure
oh shot i hope u feel better	it was from summer vaca start to 2 days before gcer essentially
no it's in my what i did over the summer	but i couldn't really think of a "solution" since technically we still failed
lololok	if you need me to read over anything i got'chu
all of them?	nah
cuz i feel like if ur sending them soon i don't want to give u doubta	you can read them if you want lol
actually probably less tbh	holy shiz
nahhhh i'll be fine	alright man
well it's the final stretch	we got midterms after this burh
i only have 3 midterms	hot dayumn
	
what a bold stance on human sexuality. you must support the lqbtqia community *accept*	oh tru
or what's penetrating who	hot dayumn
just like college apps	grad school doe
fck	wait are you looking to grad school in the future?
maybe eventually after failing my first 10 startups	don't worry, if i become the cro of some company i'll spend their money on investing in your company
not suure why it sent 3	triple da pus
tho ppl like eistein dont need to go to a good college to succeed	i wonder if i can be like him in that aspect then
ya u should sleep	you know wat, all these bd and agility robotics ppl didn't go to bigass schools
	
from the stanford common dataset	those lying motherfuckers
yo roy can you read my first two long essays for mit and tell me if you thin ktheyre good?	which one are those
community and the where i come from	i meant which essay is it lol, there's so many pieces lying around and idk how to tell them apart exactly
lol	i think i actually mentioned you in my interview now i read this essay of yours lol
oh lmao	how you seduced me with "robot arm"
	i like the community essay
wait thats no longer part of the essay	bruh
yay	it's probably just me but with all the build up near the end
ya but i was tryna to not be too cheesy and say "i wanna change the world"	i'm the guy who told josh to fuck off and then tried to build the next most advanced robot in the world in my apartment
yay	i can't think of any other way to say "i wanna change the world" without sounding cheese
well i put it on hold until ashley reads it, which she is going to tonight. today i was just working on stanford	i just saw the extra hour one
also i'm probably not submitting a maker portfolio	"performing their favorite chopin piece that ive been practicing. im getting fat gotta hit the gym"
dude stanford will love that shiz	"oh shit, this guy hits the gym!? not many ppl do that!"
nah. cuz my ai ind. study isn't far enough to really add anything	
and they don't take source code	they don't???? then what the heck did damian do lol
so the only way to show what i've done is to video tape my program running xd but i don't think thats super exciting	i thought he said he linked them to his github
idk he just wrote about it i guess	what?! just showing the program running isn't that exciting?! wat
ya he probably did but they explicitly said somewhere they won't look at source code	no wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
and my app doesn't really focus a lot on my own personal side projects anyways, its mainly about big initiatives so i don't think it will have much effect	how the general public views tech entertainment:program running on the terminal < program running on the terminal but with visual hacker effects < simulations < real life demos < flappy bird
lmao	actually scratch the flappy bird one
do u wanna read her essays?	yeh sure
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yiw9zk4oa38hcyuy29r7bc5qz2rllhcu3hhklxx_agu/edit?usp=sharing	hot dayumn, you already have them setup to be your eduardo?
and nah they can be my josh	lol
those things are fricking expensive	truuu
wait so di du already submit?	i just submitted olin
lol	just the act of submitting takes a lot longer than i expected
nice!	you doin' alright man?
and no probably not	kinda just wanna see results come out now
it's almost slacking time	maybe i should've mentioned it was only 2 minutes so they know it's not long
wait what was this for	oh god i'm psyching myself out
and whether u did or not won't change the admissions decision anyways	tru
and ya i'm doing fine	idk i'm dumb and watched a video about how amherst college ppl do admissions
u just have to pray to r&njesus	i thought all of them would be more knowledgeable about each applicant instead of one dude and the rest just looking at your numbers
ya some schools have 2 readers	and shit i just realized i never sent my ap scores lol
u should do that right now	ehhhhh does it matter that much
weaaakkkk	fuck weedtown those dank ass mofos
well actually since u self report them i guess they will probably trust u	alright i'll send not my ap chem lol
oh lol	i'll just send them i suppose
	why they wanna let collegeboard take all mah monies
dude just ask ur parents to pay for it	nah just in general
and there's a section on mit	ik on mit
i mean it's always better to	ughhhhhh
what happens in a college admissions office? check out more awesome buzzfeedblue videos! http://bit.ly/ytbuzzfeedblue1 music silent pursuit mystery train lic...	ayy
oh well	i think we need an algorithm to control the world
tho algorithmic bias is also a thing	shhhhh
smh smh smhsmhsmhsmhsmhs	lol
lol	do you know mr. burke's phone #?
should be on ur common app	it's not doe
bruh i'm pretty sure it was required	both his email and his phone are blank on mine
lol ok	you have his number??
	pls stahp
okee back to college apps	same
nice!	feels strange
did u submit?	lmao
	how you doin'?
and i might mention fear of public speaking in the additional info section	wow you
poor looks	"oh no i'm the leader of too many things what a conundrum"
youth cities	ooohhhh
dude honestly i wish e-sport recruiting was a thing	it's going to be a thing by the time we're 30 :,(
frickin polcari and soccer, well i'm a boss at sandbag soccer :'(	lmao
no	didn't polcari get an l doe
not sure	when mit tries to get their sports up
lol damn	
what happppeend	idk
have u already submitted evyerhting?	not mit, buzz, nor cmu rd
due feb wut	yup
btw can u read over my challenge essay for mit?	lol sure
thanks everyone and good night!as the applause faded, i cheerfully ran to high-five my teammates. a group of hackathon-enthusiasts, we had just organized our first high-school hackathon at mit csail, called mahacks. inspired by its success, we eagerly drew up plans for our next event.however, talks of bigger and better quickly faded as i began to lose contact with my team. although i served as team director, being the only junior in a group of seniors, i was helpless as everyone succumbed to senioritis, their motivation sent off with their college applications. as my attempts to regroup were continually ignored and our progress screeched to a halt, i felt trapped in an unworkable situation. finally, with event day looming, i decided i had to take on a seemingly-impossible task: starting over. i painstakingly recruited a new team and redistributed tasks. in the following weeks, we spent countless hours in boston meeting with sponsors, touring venues, and catching up on lost time. i drew up a game-plan to cram six months of work into two. amidst our daily grind, mahacks began to break loose from the typical hackathon mold. we introduced new entrepreneurial workshops. solving community problems became our event theme. i soon realized this setback had galvanized me to instill my own personal values and creative vision into mahacks, challenging me as a leader, teammate, and entrepreneur.smiling, i left our second event with the unshakable feeling that, along with mahacks, i too, had grown bigger and better.	i like it
hey that parts not readyy yetttt	the ap part seems a bit out of nowhere
oh well its an additional info section so i'm gonna put a bunch of things on different topics for clarification and stuff	careful doe, they can only spend so much time on each of our apps so shoving a wall of text in their face could dilute some of your other stuff
ah ok	last sentence i meant
so idk if i can fit love of learning anywhere else lmao	i thought you said that part had. i word limit lol
and the learning was like a side thing	i guess the core of what i'm saying is that if i didn't know you and i read that i would want to know more about why you did that. cuz anyone else could see it as just "this kid just wants dat ap grind time"
ok lol i'll see about fixing that	i guess i'm at that point wondering if i tried hard enough
ya but thats also valuable	instead of doing something more benefactors like reading up on documentation
im saying if u had spent ur break time reading documentation instead of just sitting back	it's not about college anymore, i'm starting to wonder why fetch broke why the turtlebots algorithm is jankyi'm starting to just wonder if i'm one of those ppl who will never reach there dreams because literally just physically i'm incapable
ya there really isn't meaning	thx man that was super reassuring
and about the meaning of life, ya i really don't think there is a meaning, its really just what goals you want to set urself onto. creating meaning is creating meaning -for urself- right so as long as u think its meaningful than it is	yeh
but the second one is my selfish drive, the first one is my selfless drive and both motivate me a lot	i used to think that since life has no meaning that makes life so much more meaningful living itbut now i think it's more about since life has no meaning it's up to you to create meaning. like a blank canvas it's nothing but possibilities but the catch is that there's only one canvas
(unless u want funding)	
	i say all this but i still don't think all creations are equal from even conception to realization in the real world
i should to	maybe i'll put this convo up on my wall lol
this person sounds pretty scary	that girl sounds like a no no
:o	it says that person stays in a towel for up to an hour
xd	holy shit
lol yes but this guy isn't very respectable	hot damn
the comments on college confidential completely roasted him	did he get in?
it didn't say	damnnnnnn
he was posting his draft	that's quite the roast
ya damn this person is like extreme david but creepier	lol
it so funny in how out of place it sounds	i wonder if that person actually wrote from the deepest part of their heart
btw how did u format ur mit activity list?	one sec
oh ok	are you close to being done now? considering you know
i might add a bit more to the additional info	lol
and the rest of mit's app is so restrictive	yeh it really is
i'm putting that as my description.	lol
gotta have that sap	funnily enough, i actually did a similar thing
wait in ur activity section?	yeh
damn boi 40 words	i gave the shortest summary of botball i could lol
ouch that would be kinda bad cuz i wrote an essay about it	lol
lmao	lmao
wait what were ur 4?	is that going to be my downfall? :')
paper and papercrafts?	ppr from sophomore year
was that ur internship?	did you know i was in your bio and chem class?
i thought u worked for aptima	i made a paper in botball remember, and then presented it lol
ooh that kind of paper	ppr stands for paper
cuz like what did u put for the hours and weeks?	da fuk is a scholastic distinction
awards / distinctions	oh truuu
i have carefully and exhaustively studied the mit application form since 9th grade	that's uh
like 10th grade	wait, how many weeks does sci oly take place for lol
im not obssessed	yeh, that helps your case a lot bruh lol
i said 36	alrighty
for all my clubs	really?? isn't botball a lot more
oh for botball i did 38	we don't do botball for only like 2-ish months lol
and i added 2 weeks for gcer and extra meetings	alright, i'll put 38 too then
in weeks	how about we just settle on 40
i forgot that i had actually counted them before as well	so 36 or 38?
38 for botball	kkkk
i tailored my description to feed into my app essay tho	oh, i was going to be a bit more memey
lol ya sure	and talk about making 20 dollar shit in my basement
cuz of all the basement days lol	lol
it worked for a while until i burned out	lol, maybe i should change how i organize my things/time then
also it makes u realize how much time we spend just walking or eating or talking	i consider my personal robos as free time
ya getting audible has been so helpful	i was also estimating with 6 hours of sleep
i was kinda crazy in jr yr, no wonder i burned out	wat
	are you freaking insane bruh
i would always schedule things up to 2 am, estimating my wakeup time to be 7	bruh
i'm only scheduling up to 1 am now	wow
actually funny thing is what got me out of the burnout was the gcer cram sess this yr lol	nope never burned out significantly
how many hours did u put	oh wait
wait wut	i'm saying your summer hours shouldn't go over like 100 hours max or else it'll be unrealistic
ah ok	dat feel when you realize all you do relates back to robos
thats not a bad thing	"robotics isn't viable"-google
	pressing that submit button is actually so nerve wracking
are u doing it now?	i'll do it tomorrow at 11:58 pm
lmao	alright, all that's left to send is mit...
my additionl info is at 1300 words wtf	lol
i found out when i clicked "save"	oh did, you click the
but it still didn't tell me what the limit was	yup
i'm really not digging mit's website right now	that's either some hard core trolling or a grievous oversight
	yeh, it's really strange how their website is laid out
xd i think i'm gonna keep it	you look like a nerd
bc mymit has been cutting out random words from my paragraphs	really?
the deed is done	congrats!!!!
thx	idk why i'm doing this
are u done with submitting?	still reviewing mit
the w is trippy bc some schools have 5 or 6 or scales	6?!
it's more about the rest of ur stuff	wait, i actually don't know if our gpa's are weighted or not
wdym	wait, the gpa's they show us on our transcript is weighted right?
what's an unweighted gpa? how do you calculate an unweighted gpa? find the definition here for your college applications.	welp shiz, should've applied to a 70%+ school
whereas our school has a as 3.7	welp shit, our uw must be pretty low by default then
they don't send ur unweighted gpa to schools	you sure?
like remember the meeting with guidance?	yeh you're right
bc prolonged panic is impractical for survival and no panic will kill you	thx evolution
	"i submitted my common app essay but realized i had a large space between paragraphs. will this be bad?"
auto reject	trying to figure out what to do...
well i feel like quadrepeds are slightly easier cuz balance?	yeh they are
do u ask	looking for the next thing to make
you'll be fine	i'm not actually sure how to spend the rest of my day lol
hey hey wanna write my stanford app for me	holy fucking shit
im doing the last question	alright, i'mma help ya
but i'll let u k when i need editing	i'mma read all dat juicy unedited paragraphs
i'm not going to school tomorrow ntw	wat
senioritis is hitting so hard	aren't u done doe
ya i wasn't able to finish stanford cuz i was out most of the day doing family stuff for new years	wait wat, you didn't submit weedtown?!
it's due tonifht	oh jan 2
woops	bruh
i'm planning on submitting before ashley leaves for chicago, around 3 pm	nice nice
i'll go workout tomorrow instead	bruh
or are u in class rn	i'm working out rn lol
lmao	i typed that while doing push ups
jk whenever u have free time just hmu pls	you can send it now
somewhere in space, my code wooshes by at 30,000 kilometers-per-hour.yes my code. that jumble of wordy comments and sketchy bug-patches i had thrown together during my internship at accion-systems. i sometimes peer up at the night sky and wonder if i could spot the satellite using my code for its propulsion system. what is it doing? collecting weather data perhaps? or maybe conducting secret military reconnaissance over afghanistan. ill go with the second one. i know, its absurd. but this unshakable feeling, that years of self-taught knowledge and practice have culminated in a tangible effect on the world -- this is why i wake up every morning excited to learn. i have always been more compelled by what learning allows me to do rather than the simple accumulation of facts:learning basic circuitry in 6th grade allowed me to create an ultrasonic glove to help my blind classmate better navigate the school halls. learning to play my grandpas favorite chopin ballade touched his heartstrings, and mine. months of learning and practice led to the first time my robot *whirred* and *clicked* to life.to me, learning is the ultimate actuator, granting me the ability to mold and shape the world around me and to touch the lives of others. each piece of knowledge is a backstage pass to access the whirring gears and pistons of the great universal machine. although i have only one pair of hands, the power of learning has extended my reach 2000 kilometers into space.	imao actuator
i hope those english majors know what that is	
anything i should change?	the pair of one hands
wdym by expansion	cuz it doesn't directly tie back with the learning part
ok	though i doubt you have the space to expand
but i can cut down on some places	yup yup
like emphasizing how bad my own code is :'(	lol
maybe i should just scrap it and list abunch of computer language	since you're talking about a professional satellite in space lol
*i'm excited to learn bc of how many languages i know! so many languages!"	
ok anything else?	hmm not really substance wise
not yet	alright i'll just read them all anyway
for my extra hr prompt lmao	what did you do?
lol	wow nerd
oh but can u read this and tell me if its too wierd:	that's one of the most wholesome things i've heard say
- name one thing you are looking forward to experiencing at stanford. (50 word limit)being surrounded by nerds. quirky nerds. to be able to ponder out loud why men have nipples without getting weird looks, or discuss the merits of quantum computing late through the night. at stanford, i want to build meaningful friendships forged by our burning curiosity and shared love of learning.	this is stanford not stacy dude
also stanford ppl call themselves the "nerd nation"	typical nerds don't talk about male nipples bruh
holy shit	idk, if that's what you're actually looking forward to at weedtown then i think you should put it down but if it was more to show quirkyness then perhaps tone it down
oh really	that was my second reason not to mention that lol
wait did she get in to stanford	pretty sure she did
	so there are bounds to be multiple kids looking for something to write about that mentions that
i have one more question left which is the event in history	did you mention q computing since neither of us know anyone who does it lol
third is getting involved in their hacker community, treehacks, but thats less of an "experience" and more what i plan to do at stanford	idk if i was going to be brutally honest with you i thought your og one was a bit basic
ok	baking
if u have time	kkkkkkkkkk
not yet	bruh lol
i'm trying not to box myself in	i saw the ahmerst admissions video
but i do think i get my pt about stem and entrepreneurship across, especially with my activities list	"this girl is a bit too much 'in-the-box,' let's vote" -> no hands raised -> "waitlisted"
ya i remember that	alright, ms hession said she can write a rec for me :')
nice!	hmm, i kinda liked carlson's doe, eh too late now
u saw carlson's letter of rec?	nah, but carlson said it turned out well
oh	and plus if what petty said was true about our recs looking similar
that i converted into my new common app	"modern hacker culture encourages flashy projects with no real-world application beyond the 24-hours of their inception"
	da heck
lol wait what does a historical event with appplications look like	the wright brothers making their airplane lift off
why do u need to see it	you're fascinated with rocks in the shape of a triangle?
like i wouldn'tr eally get much from the experience	tell that to me when we see atlas do a flip irl and have the broken pieces smash into our faces
maybe seeing how woz and jobs came up with apple, that i would learn from	jobs: "woz, i'm going to take your machine and kick you in the balls"woz: "ok"
	however, everything changed when the fire nation attacked.
lmao	the last episode was from like 2005
ignore that	25 - 13 = 12
did u really think i put that into my essay	nvm, you're over the word limit lol
wow	
ok	lol i see you put highschool as one word
well they're not useless ;)	pls nu
overall	hmm, not really
hmm ok	i personally actually really like the woz n' jobs one lol
i feel like i wouldn't learn anything	i'm talking about him making an "o" face and saying fuck yes lol
ah screw it the admissions officers are not gonna overthink this lol so i should probably stop overthinking	when jobs tells woz about how great it could be and woz is like "meh idk man"
did u read all my essays?	yeh i read all of them
ok	are you going to submit after you write the history one?
woops	lol it's alright man
with the activities section	bruh
like there's not reason not to if u think u worded it the best way in a previous app	tru
theyre dumb	or they're just shotgunning as hard as they can lol
nah i don't think it's strange	i have a really hard time wrapping my head around it
just like u want to work for bd	lol, i wanna learn from them
u can't do that if u don't have money lol	hey hey, fuk u
and google and microsoft work on so many things they can probably have a good range of choice	back in da vinci's day you had to be an artist if you wanted to be able to be an engineer now it's more like you need to be an engineer to comfortable pursue art
yup	google let go of so many robo places lol
wdym by clumped together into one entity	maybe it's cuz i value the product or creation a whole lot more than any name or company lol
	i mean, would you rather make your own company or be stuck in google for the rest of your life?
and i'd definitely work for google if i had the chance, but i would probably quit and start my own company after i think i've learned what i wanted from the experience	you know what i meant by stuck lol, just staying there
i mean whatever i find will accomplish my goals, i'm down	so that's why i don't fully understand ppl who just want to land a job and stay there
oh well some ppl just have different goals	i guess it just boils down to ppl having different goals and stuff
	that sad feel when jobs couldn't keep his family life remotely happy
he married his first gf that's really wholesome	and then he fucked eduardo
also elon musks personal life is pretty shitty too	i mean the dude seems to have really strange ideas on how relationships work according to people's accounts who have been close with him lol
ill be a miserable anti-social eccentric but hey look how many industries i'm revolutionizing. also my ego would still be relatively in check	and you'll still have your bros lol
truu	all the bros but no girls
i could buy infinit cold ones with that moneu	lmao
but i would also make sure u got a confirm email from all the achools	gotta love awkward confirmation systems
yoyoyo u wanna read before i submit?	lo siento i was asleep lol
im done done done done done done	congrats!
i forgot ur not done	
that's probably a good idea	holy shit i just spent 2 hours on college reddit threads
bruh	how do i stop this
work on some robos?	this is freaking my out lol
watch some porn	i think i'll go study
or that	
its normal thing to do	just like puberty?
	
i still need to do english hw but i've procrastinated the shit out of it	i feel
^link^	
	r u in school today?
yup	holy shit
that defeats the purpose of a skateboard lmao	no it doesn't
who needs workout clothes	bruh lol
i'm in jeans lmao	bruh
i just wore what i was wearing lol	lmaooo
first impressions amirite	buff buddies
yeee	u at the gym rn?
 you called foxy roxy.	sorry :'(
oh waijt r u actually comin	if i finish before like 2 am lol
bruhhh	you had pretty good gains doe
u done with rwdc?	nope
tell everyone i said hi	lol
well we just kinda got on the topic of botball	but why didn't jenn and i get informed
wdym?	the post on important info
can you read the officer chat one if you haven't already	nah but it was strange to just have it pop up w/o much opportunity to go over it before it getting posted
cuz we all agreed on this since way at the start of the yr right	wait why are you typing so much lol
we didn't really come up with anything different	do u think i'm mad or something lol
lol u sounded pretty put off	
lol well i'm pretty sure jen is pissed off	plus i trust u guys judgement
about what part?	sorry if i sounded mad lol i'm just really tired
(this is mainly to jen)	nah she just feels as if she's been put on the backburner ever since she said she want going to gcer
well we tried to schedule a lot of botball meetings around her schedule lol	she meant in terms of group making lol
but she hasn't said anything against the groups that we've made which has basically stayed the same since months ago	also if i was mad i'd be a lot more serious than a freaking chat msg lol, that's weak sauce
btw is there any chance you'll come to max's house? or no	er it's getting pretty late lol
cuz we wanted to put her with the "experienced team" instead of the "main team", but thats mainly bc we felt she would have a muhc bigger role if she were on the "experienced team"	ohh
*ya np	i'll have to excuse myself lol
oh what time would u be available for a call tomorrow?	awww
about botball	idk i think i'll be at rwdc again tomorrow lol
so maybe u guys could call together lol	oh ic ic
ya it's kinda sad	yeh...
plus i think times of struggle really show who ur real friends are	it's unfortunate that that's how it tends to be
but apparently she was super pissed at me before for random reasons	oh then idk
lmao	not gonna lie
lol no	no to cover up or?
no one else knew but i don't really mind	ahh
nope	bruhhh
dude idk why u even joined	i said i could help them if they needed it
bruh u could of just said u would help but not be on the team	i'm pretty bad at saying no and thinking of ways like that
"hey kid can u help me bury this dead body"	"hey kid if you shoot this guy you can join me in making robots"
oh are u still at rwdc lmao	yes
have fun :d	maybe you and jenn can bond together by working on rwdc together
no im good	alright
nice!	are you sure you don't want to make legged skateboards?
but we should talk abotu what we wanna do for our senior project	ok
	drones are boring though josh
	founds like some liberal bullshit to me
actually an ai drone would b super cool	what would it do though
pterydactyls	drones aren't exactly the best platform for manipulating its environment
but drones def have a lot more maneuverability then land robots for mapping environments	slam'ing on a drone is extremely hard rn lol, not many drones exist that can do that
maybe it doesn't need to perform a whole slam but some kind of positional tracking and then object avoidance might do	then i'm sure a camera, imu, and several ultrasonic sensors would do then for really crude positional tracking
well the target might not be in view	yeh tru, what would the drone do when the target gets shot
it could be something more hardwarey bc this would be mainly software	this may sound like quite the twist
same actually, i was thinking we should do a senior project that can test some kind of bigger concept, and if our shitty prototype ends up actually working it has the scalibility for a longer-term thing	did you just talk business
rn my main interest is wearable ai, but the hardware portion is mainly jsut dependent on being very miniturizable, which is pretty much impossible with cots electronics	hold on, i need you to translate that into binary so i can understand what you just said
there ya go	i mean wearable ai i think is still possible with cots parts, it just won't be comfortable lol
the magic of online text to bin converter	but the ai part will have to very good if we want results from that though
i gotta go do my english essay tho, but we should keep thinking of ideas	i wanna be cfo
wanna just make a google doc and each of us can add to it when we think of something	
	yeh sure
ok sweet'	btw, have you seen jibo?
the home robot with the face?	yup yup
ya	the hardware was all there but the software rendered it more like a toy than a tool let alone a helper/companion
qelp	yeh, i feel like if the software was more close to google or amazon's pa systems then jibo would've make a much bigger splash in the market
his movement is pretty cool tho	what does lma mean?
*lmao	oh lol
thats actually a pretty good application, for a niche customer base	or like
true	coming up with ideas is harder than i thought
i have the whole folder shared with u	alright, done with my first drafts of my final apps
wpi?	and umich
nice. ru ready for editing?	yup yup
what physics work	lab due wed
free resp. counter	hefty amount of stuff lol
i didnt' k dis	didn't he tell you in class?
legged helicopter	perfect
? lol	you working out????
its leg day. i'm about to go to my appointment soon	you getting mad calves?
nah thighs are where it's at	you into thighs?
noiiice	you got an eta?
probably 7:30 to 8	lol hot dayumn
he's a 50 yr old man dude	ahh
	
can u give me the question?	nvm, the internet gave me a solid answer lol
uh so my mom is pissed at me and she said i can't go to ur house	
what time tomorrow?	idk
and also if there's any hw that i could do i could do it for u if u guys are still working on mousetrap	we also need to make up some data logs lol
and i can come help with helicopters after e club tomorrow	ben and i ran out of time lol
there are a few in the box lol	i slipped in the shower, i used some shitty body lotion
also do u still need the lab?	no update from boston dynamics
the lab?	wowow, you have yet another addition to the justin yu fan club lol
wait wut	vara msgd in the chat that apparently johanna fanned over you
idk	me popular
really? why not	ben and i worked on mousetrap until nine-ish
i got into a fight with my mom after the doctors lol	wow this sticker thing is so stupid it's funny
and she refused to drive me to ur house	u doing alright? parent fights are never fun
so idk how that works	ur mom believes in green injection gmos???
	wait u got into an argument with ur mother over vaccines...
and also why i get sick with the flu like every yr xd	wat, you don't get the flu vaccine
and so i was tryna argue with her thats important i get them	well i guess you can maybe develop a great immune system lol
and shes like "wesstern medicine is a lie beep boop chinese medicine doesn't have vaccines blah blah these doctors don't k what their doing"	wait yeh, when u get laid in ur first week of college you dun wanna get sick
ya i guess	alright so the goal is to be done with mousetrap by five ish
tanishk wants to help with build events too btw	but then i'll have to shift gear to school work or else i. ded
ya that's fine	wow you're pretty serious about working out
	"wow my son is finally a man"
or u can just do hw until we arrive to help	how do you feel about the possibility that we won't have anything too presentable for helicopter
ya	mind if i join for a bit
oh ok	when you think you're going to be done?
probably 4:30	eta?
so like 5 min for me	kk
i can get us a six pack of cold ones	lmao sure
 foxy roxy missed a call from you.	 you missed a call from foxy roxy.
5 min lol sorry i got caught up in something	you picking up girls?
 you called foxy roxy.	https://www.amazon.com/victor-metal-pedal-mouse-trap/dp/b00c1nn4b6/ref=sr_1_6?s=lawn-garden&ie=utf8&qid=1515631734&sr=1-6&keywords=big+mousetrap
oh also is it ok if i go to your house during lunch to check that mousetrap is all set to run?	no keys
wait but how are we gonna get the mousetrap after school	mothers going to be back after school since i gotta go see the doc
can i take your hot glue gun and string to the meet	idk about the whole spool of string but we can just take a long strand of it
	
have u done the stretch problems	i'm going to pass them in later lol
wdym later?	shoulderin' this as a drop
welp	like passin' it in on tuesday
i just don't k that theiyre right	all of them but 36 are on the internet i think
i've only done 36 so far lol	ayyy
lol it's ok i'll send i answers	you're too good for me
lol u ok?	i've been trying to grind w/o breaks to maximize my productivity
whats keepin u so busy/	calc test, physics mc, drama line memorization, psych readings (i've been putting those on the backburner for a while now lol), college apps
lol	:o
#59: http://minerva.union.edu/labrakes/uniform%20circular%20motion_solutions.pdf#45: https://www.physics.drexel.edu/~wking/courses/phys101_w07/notes/rec5.pdf	damn boi
applications	i'm so good at that
u got me on some web assigns	if we ever work at the same company, i promise to not make the financial situation any worse
 foxy roxy missed a call from you.	ah shit
game board is out btw	this is quite the board this year
theres multipliers everywhere	"if ateam member is sitting in the audience reprogramming the robot wirelessly, then the team will beasked to leave the table."
hey we were standing and we weren't in the audience so	we should ask that at the workshop
defered from georgia tech wooooooohooo	holy shit what
buzz doenst want me :'(	damn, buzz is brutal
i was planning on rescinding my application but my mom didn't want me to	that's interesting that buzz said no though
ur in college boi	i submitted on jan 1st and they got back to me on jan 5th with a scholarship too
damnnn	yeh, it was way quicker than i expected
	can you go to max's?
i also have a lot of shit to catch up on lol	yeh i feel
lol u k it's not gonna be an hr	i'll set an alarm for myself lol
kinda like baymax	lmao
welp what hapoened	college apps lol
ayyy	i know i shouldn't have done this
also all the parts are at your house right?	what do you mean by "all" since i think jason has the towers stuff in his house
besides the towers stuff	then i think so
that's fine	do want me to clean it lol?
lol if u can that would be good	i got'chu
lol no	in drama sometimes we have improv days in which we just do improv on stage given a scenario
lmaoo	lmaoooooo
lol but its all inside jokes	you can get everyone in on the jokes
lol	how creepy would it be if i tried to sneak into jonothan hursts lab if i visit oregon
nah i'm sure hes gotten wierdos like u before	how bad would it be if i showed up under his car
what if that's just all his employees. they just all got there by sneaking into his lab and he let them stay	lol
bc no sane person would hinge their career on legged robots amirite	he and his team really embodies the idea of "it's not where you create, it's what you create"
woops	i'm actually quite impressed by what jh does there
is the most fertile ground for robotics	yeh
"oregon's traditional natural resource base is the platform for industry clusters in forestry and wood products, agriculture, nursery products, and food processing. "	i personally have done no research about that place so idk if he was just talking shiz or not lol
	maybe he's up there since he's creating a robo like ex machina and he needs to keep it secret
well if a robot like ex machina existed it could be among society right now and we wouldn't k it	nah, we would
	i mean that's some roboticists dream, making robots that are just like humans. there's a japanese roboticist who has already made replicas of himself, his daughter, and some other woman
i would consider those robots more sculptures than robots	(small tangent, can we call all crappy technology "build events" from now on)
lol sure	idt they would count as sculptures though, i do agree they fall more into the art realm
its like pygmalion to the extreme	i think as we get closer to more lifelike robots this will pose to be a bigger issue
i don't right now anyone's concerned about being artificially created as a robot cuz no one is able to do that yet	wait, it's possible to fully clone a human?
but theoretically it should be the same with a sheep as with a human	would you be ok with a clone person?
like in general or a clone of me	in general
lol you guys meme some really random stuff	yeh
lol hey i only meme legged robotics	are you feeling alright?
*meetup	oh, i was worried that you felt bad from the memeage/teasing
	ooh, idk about max, but i've actually never seen one
or a 10 pt scale	thinking about it more i suppose so
so maybe it's better if we tone that down a bit lol	wait, we didn't get the same amount of discussion done??
like we were suppose to	hmm, i do agree with the memeage toning down but i think we also spent a lot of time speculating how the mechanisms of the robots would work rather than the other strats
	is that strat in the notes?
wdym	is the new strat stuff after i left recorded down in the docs?
it was just max and i talking after we presented	"robots:thiccbot - "
cuz it's going for thicc butters	ok, i see how severe the memeage truly was now looking at the results
i still don't think that's really a balanced strat cuz we have no idea how the tram is gonna work when we interact with it	i honestly suspect that a lot of strats are going to change once we finish building the board and see how the parts actually interact with each other
maybe after the boards built we create quick proofs of concept for each of our robots	or failure of concept amirite :')
:'(	i feel like we're underestimating the yellow crate strat a bit too much considering how the camera works and the various factors that can trick it. unlike all the uses of the camera we've done before this time it's actually out in the environment and not fixed on one area, it's reference frame is moving
just get at a good angle and take a picture and then you'll k which regions which	do we know if the there's a position of the camera on the board that can capture a good look of the 3 zones?
well we only need to get 2 in frame	and then we also have to be warry of the colored poms, we can't take that picture if they're near us
with both robots	oh wait, we aren't just letting the crate bot just push the frisbees into where they need to go?
even if we do, the lego bot is doing the same camera work still	you know what would make this easier and or probably actually more complicated
frick i should probably talk to ppl at this meetup	yeh, that's why you're there huh haha
i thought there would be more tech than social :')	:')
theres a table full of budlight lmao	they ain't gonna be checkin' your id
does the lab take long?	nah, not really
japanese dudes r intense	what the fuk
is that ur goal?	there was already the guy making mini humanoid robots that can tightrope walk and ride bicycles as his hobby too
btw what topics are covered in chapters 1 - 5?	bruh lol
but i got bubble tea so it's ok	wasn't too informative?
i was hoping to network for mahacks	damn dude, you're quite persistent
	lmaooooo
lmao yes wdym is that a lot	i could spend that kind of money in an hour
2.5 billion = 2500 atlases	which ver?
	
	
so that's why the other net worth aren't huge	wait, what's the point of net worth actually...
it's a standard metric u can measure ppl s wealth by	is that how rich ppl do dick measuring contests?
it's like gpa	ok, dick measuring contests
what other ppl s net worth are	what if that's what the big business life is like
	wait a sec
jk	when is robotics actually going to break out in the market i wonder
rn it's just too expensive	i actually wonder what the key is
ya but that's still a long ways away bc it needs to adapt to so many situations to actually be useful	legged locomotion allows robots to adapt to any environment u know
i admit i'm not too caught up with the tech but i would say when we're 40	i would say 40 for when we get to see this stuff being more popular and actually prevalent among the middle class
are they really slaves if their not sentient	slave: "a device, or part of one, directly controlled by another."
u can call ur phone a slave by definition	in that case, i would say no
ok ya	i recall you having an interesting convo with vara on this topic lol
u don't call domestication immoral bc dogs are slaves	oh, i was referring to higher lvl sentience lol
yo boi come down to the botball room if u have time	what's going on??
wdym	i forgot to stock up :'(
for the long snow day ahead	if there is one announced first thing i'm gonna do is go buy some
unfortunately i'm far from the cold one supply :'(	:'(
oh shit was the lab due today	jeezus man lol
what should i know?	bruh
like say i just k the equations and basic concepts	then you should be ok?
oh so it took a long time?	some kids didn't finish mc
how long did u study for	maybe a couple hours total?
i haven't started	and that's what i fell asleep and woke up to lol
i'm really banking on that snowday tomorrow	judith isn't announcing until the morning
smhhhh	i think i figured out how the servo configurations work on that japanese guy's robos though
bruh	what's a good material i can use to build this i wonder
i owe u again	nah nah
<3	<3
and send me a pic of ur notes lol	bruhhhhh
well i just need chapter 3 and onwards	so like have the notes
ya	this is going to be a lot of papers
are they all online?	no, i don't think so lol
wait whats the speed formula	this:
no but like what is it used for	its the speed a car on a banked frictionless curved road can travel
lol ok thankks	i think that's the only formula you need to know that isn't on the cheat sheet
this is actually scaring me lol if this is gonna be on the test	don't worry about that one lol
did u finish the webassign?	lmaooo
i lost those somewhere lol	bruh lol
how much circular motion is there	lo siento i was doing drama
i bombed that test	d:
d:	where u at
invitational r tomorrow man	where u at rn
i need to start my physics lab now lol	did i share that with you?
thanks	anytime
we just did mission possible	lmaooo
 foxy roxy missed a call from you.	https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=34&v=vsveqrjlrto
 you called foxy roxy.	here now?
 you called foxy roxy.	damn damian be sippin'
not surprised	did you already order your cap n' gown stuff btw?
oh shit	somebody might've accidently used my student id
u should probably get that checked	i just msg'd president bacon
wdym	ppl are asking if i can help with their tech issues
i mean u can say no if u want	what the fuck is this "no" you speak of
	what do you think about smart clothes
right now the only real market for smart clothes is rich professional athletes	what about a kind of clothing that isn't worn all the time like a scarf or jacket
that could work but if the smart clothing is taking biometrics i don't think u can do that easily with a jacket	it'll look like fucking magic when you just start talking to the air on a phone call without using your hands
well wearable clothing right now is pretty much all biometrics and health	who cares about that, the weight room is all you need for that
well definitely i don't think it should be woven into clothing	there has been a tech made a while back that was basically a touch screen that you put on your skin
isn't it the projector bracelet thing?	nah nah
like what is it attached to	let me find the thing real quick
is it literally just like plastic wtap	it's permanent
right now it's just led lights right	i believe so
except u can't really use it when your exercising and id imagien it's kinda uncomfortable	well maybe the consumers should stop being pussies and just suck it up
then it could jog with u	that's disturbing af
oh	did you know the google glass concept is actually still being used?
ya like in factories and stuff	i'm starting to wonder why google glass flopped so hard now
i think that's mainly it	lol
everyone's looking at it at all times	so you're saying that this market of wearable ar tech is open rn and nobody has tackled it just cuz it's hard to make shit not ugly???
or visible disruption	just put it on sunglasses and make it retractable
would u wear google glass to school every day if u had one	you're talking to the guy who still forgets he has a smartphone
it's always on ur face	if the display was retractable i think it would be socially acceptable
maybe ya	if it was a projection that could just be turned off
to be fair the display actually just blends into ur peripheral vision when ur not using it	and it just showed up on regular glasses, not that little block of glass
also ya it's off by default and shuts off after like 10 sec	but the display looks stupid
but ya it looks kinda dumb	http://www.bilisimcafe.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/google-glass.jpg
the google glasses intention is suppose to fit over regular glasses, not to be warn just alone	i wonder why they can't use the same tech that the bracelet projector ppl use
wdym	i think that's kind of cumbersome though, you don't buy a phone to just attach it to something else lol
there's no surface to project it on when it's on ur face	in this day and age most electronics are supposed to stand alone i feel like
u have to project it through a crystal	http://aiclarke.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/cicret-bracelet-1.jpg
ya ik	but have it project on the surface of the glasses instead of the skin
wouldn't it just go through	idk enough optics lol
so it looks like a screen	why can't the prism be more flat and not a box then?
well bc look at the angle it has to be at for redirection	what if the projector just projects straight into your goddamn retina
well actually thats just virtual reality glasses	technology i think is just a bit too bulky rn to be fashionably accepted
ya i agree	unless somebody who has influence over all the zombies of pop culture decided to wear stuff, maybe like kim carcrash
lmao	oh man, i kind of wish i had one of those projection bracelets now just to test it out
wearable tech def as well actually	reallyyy
hmmm	what about the whole iot fad
that u can control it with	is it really that desirable or useful
i can see the use for homes	doesn't seem really groundbreaking and more of an add on
i'm just talking about things that i think will happen	and then robots will become cheap and useful right?
mhm	i wonder if there's another way to consume and communicate information
hmm u mean completely new	but a method that is better than computing or just as good
well if u talk about physics  all fast communication has all been based on electricity or electromagnetism from basically the telegram onward	wut about light
so do u mean something com0letely different?	yup yup
hmm	get this
	i think electromag has got the cake pretty well rn though, objects/mediums that rely on things with mass are cumbersome and bulky
i wonder what the next smartphone will be. it has to be something that we don't actually think we need until it exists	like fucking legged robotics
maybe	we don't think we need it until it exists
ya same	it wasn't like the computer was a long sought after achievement/advancement like flight
it's amazing that he did it himself tho and not a big company	but were those ppl doing it in their bedroom for fun lol
ya well that's why i feel there couldve been hundreds of steve jobs and only 1 woz	statistically speaking there's probably someone who had a similar revolutionary creation like woz but since there was no jobs figure it went unnoticed
ya	oh man, i wonder if musky and woz could've been a powa team
lmk if u need editing	i'm over on each essay by 66 words
well that's not too bad	do you have any extra springs btw
no	darn
wait who did u have write urs?	ms. hession
is everything ok now?	idk, they haven't got back to me yet
i didn't sign up to take real classes when i signed up for oc what is this	lol
lol u made a prototype leg?	it's literally 5 pieces of cardboard and a makeshift spring lol
hopefully just for this week tho. i just have a shit ton of stuff to catch up on after midterms + college apps	i'm going to check in on you by next week to make sure you're not scheduling shit until 2 am again
and adult life in general	that's how ppl die bruh
so it evens out :d	conscious while being in a default low battery mode
nah caffeine pillllsss	drugs are not the answer!
welp	welp
that's a weird ass fetish roy ngl	thx man
u might have to teach him some stuff	kk
just to discuss build events and make concrete plans for building. u probably won't be able to actually build anything during winblock so it shouldn't take u long	ngl
wait why?	afterwards i just sat in the basement wondering for a good couple of hours what i was doing lol
and r u fine now	wondering why i'm not having fun/remotely having fun building shiz for sci oly anymore lol
is it just the time spent on building sci oly?	idk, perhaps
would u want to do study events for sci oly?	gud one mah boi
but it's just there aren't that many ppl who can build stuff for sci oly	nah don't worry about it, we got more time now
maybe u could find a system to spread out the work more for builds	sorry about this man ^^" i know it wasn't ideal
nah i mean it's hard in of itself	welp time to learn cad
what r u working on now?	i need to remodel this mechanism
*spoons	thx man, i was going for a fork doe
it feeds u by walking up to ur mouth	fuking geniusssss
like why would u need machine learning on the robot?	to let it learn how to walk
idk if it's really a good way to train the robot	really?
similarly a legged robot trained purely with ai probably couldn't withstand wind	damn you wrote a mini essay on dis lol
well i had econ so	https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=sb5ce0on3ty
i can read it during lunch or after i get home around 7	friday night would be nice
not a problem	dang, coming home at 7??
oh ya a hot date with my grandparents	oh ic ic
and ya everythings fine	this is the story
also damn. wait was this walking to the school in the morning?	wait i don't think all legged animals exhibit it lol, a shit ton of four legged mammals have hooves
awwwwww	it's not cute!
oh the hovercraft came in	
but it had to be done	what if the kit just doesn't work lol
	are ya serious
welp	maybe it was telling me to get back to work lol
lol why is david mad at me now....	?
it's probably not a big thing (hopefully) it was just bizarre	ppl get petty these days over the smallest things
ya it's strange how ppl focus on these really small things	it's cuz everything you do now is a passive aggressive move lol
why me	idk
	maybe it's personal idk man lol
welp	you know how regular hobby servos have no feedback?
how would u read the analog signal from the potentiometer	the pot has three tabs
lol don't burn anything	i can't wait for my theory to be wrong and then ruin my shit
	this is all for the cause of legged robotics
wdym	https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=w29avx3dzje
somehow second semester seems busier than jr yr	well
just all the clubs, mahacks, independent study, independent learning goals (i'm tryna learn more ml, study chinese, learn more linguistics, looking for a 4th language to learn, and i have a list of books i want to get through)	"i feel like i have too much on my plate"
i might drop mgh thing but i feel bad	yeh i felt bad too, until i dropped it lol
lol	the number one thing you don't want to do with those self study goals is to make them into a chore
i feel like i have these sudden bouts of anxiety that last about an hr where i just freeze and am unable to do anything bc im feeling overwhelmed. they come and go randomly	if you want to do them then carve out a good time to just sit down and enjoy them instead of like random "i should do this" it should be more like "i want to do this"
i've been trying but idk where to carve out 	how about we hit the gym b block tomorrow
i got a pile of emails to respond to	bruhhhhhhh
i don't have any other time to do it	realistically there really is only a certain amount of time in the day
also i would still need to carve out some more time if we're gonna do a senior project	it might seem kinda harsh but with ur current schedule it's probably better to prioritize the things with actual deadline and hold things that don't until you have time to actually enjoy them lol
stupid brains	didn't we talk about how that's an unhealthy mindset lol
its been a year :/	how about you slow down tonight and list what things you actually want to do, emphasis on want
i readily drop the things i'm not interested in like rwdc. but i'm just bad at having a focused set of interests	that's not necessarily a bad thing
:/	max and i have been building chad steadily we should have a prototype in a couple weeks
nah my tema does do other tasks. my job is to do sponsorship relations and stuff so i'm handling emailis. theres justa crap ton of them	bruhhhhhhhhhh
after a mun officer meeting and before the sci oly officer meeting	i really do think you should sit down and leave some stuff you can do later for actually later, like learning a fourth language
but i'm still young and memorization capabilities deteriorate swiftly	bruh you got like 5 years
ya but i'm only getting busier by the day	that's cuz you're making yourself busier by the day lol
and it seems like itneresting stuff but we haven't really done it yet	it sounds like you're making it sound sweeter than it is because you're afraid of what possibilities you might lose if you say no
it stresses me out lol	i think you might want to be a bit more cynical like cheng then when thinking about this stuff
well with building a physical thing its different bc u have a set end goal already	but i feel like a fair amount does, esp pertaining to your making a book interest and ml
what i'm talking about are the things you didn't k u liked or u didnt' expect to be interesting but end up shifting ur entire interest	like you wanting to make books?
mahacks came out of me walking into a conversation b/w some beaverworks ppl on ar andom day at beaverworks	dude that's literally just chance lol
and i wouldn't be doing accion if i wasn't spending a lot of time going to networking events that in every other sense was a waste of time	ok ready for a wise old saying time that imma paraphrase
besides me just fucking around	wouldn't you need to learn ml first
ya well i k enough to do the mgh thing	and what is this real stuff you're talking about
like using eeg data to analyze and help diagnose alzheimers	how much you wanna bet you can find datasets online?
its medical dat from very expensive equipment	damn, you really thought this through huh lol
but the value is mainly in that there will be someone who is an expert in the field guiding the process	is that what you hoped with for mit primes?
kinda ya	i think you're doubting your own abilities there lol
idk what the axes even are	a fellow intern from ucla was working on eeg signals and he just read online and stuff to figure out how to map it and stuff
tru	(i feel like this is the third time we've had this convo lol)
we'll probably continue to have these convos throughout and after college lol	that's fine by me haha
	:'(
i'm gonna take a nap to get out of this funk	yeh, sleeping always flushes away bad mojo feels
i think its just cuz all 3 major clubs mun, sci oly and botbal are all ramping up at the same time	well for sci oly you got a pretty reliable team of juniors to catch you
thankss	and don't worry about reading my college essays since you're so busy lol, i can ask someone else
lol does that actually happen?	i used to get sick from watching any virtual 3d motion lol
i get sick from vr but usually if it's a flat screen it's fine	that's quite the skill you got there
we're on a big pickle right now lol	what kinda pickle? i thought you weren't doing hmun
just organizing problems. we had to wait for iman to confirm she was going to naimun and then the hotel said our rooming expired so we have to get a new order	ahh
so we're trying to get the order in again	oh....
thanks	did ya bring the hovercraft kit?
yup	what class u got rn?
latin	wait who's going to the hmun dance tonight
some of the hmun ppl probably	
and make sure whenever u use "passsionate" to describe urself you have a bunch of other concrete examples	oh
ya that's fine	as i review these last two apps the more i doubt myself lol
oh shit i forgot to read urs	
when r u planning on submitting again	tonight lol
shit	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ms7noumgrto
oh nice	wanna try and steal it with me?
	man, that's like 4 universities that bought a cassie
how much does each cost	agility robotics wouldn't disclose specific numbers, saying only that their goal is to end up with sub-$100k robots
more like a private jet	i bet agility robotics have mad revenue man 
	ouch
isnt that just a transformer	apparently the show is called macross
lol	freaking amazing
btw can u make the botball meeting today at 8?	wat
lmao u gotta check the discord man	mah apps
the deadlines feb 1st right?	gud one
after the meeting we can do an editing sess	you're too good for me
so is that a yes for the meeting?	yeh
hmm interesting	as an entrepreneur (who apparently likes to write books), what do you think about their current situation?
well they're probably not gonna stay local especially since it looks like this product is starting to attract customera	what do you mean "looks like" >:((( they sold 4 units
their manufacturing will probably have to expand beyond scott from corvallis tho lol	but scott sounds like a fucking badass
really? well idk anything about siracha lol but	cassie can be the siracha sauce of robots @_@
economics of scale	i'll make the robots for free
plus i might be wrong but oregon doesn't seem like it will attract a lot of ppl for further r&d	i'm sure if they can attract ppl like me they can attract other robo idiots
like i don't think it's a bad thing that jeremy was excited about starting the robot and drew up a design lol. and i don't think he's gonna be actively trying to take over or anything	yeh...
*negative impact, not negative benefit	i see what you're talking about and i do agree
ya...	also are you feeling ok
well i was titled when it started becoming memey	that whole situation got more and more ironic as we argued over a little thing lol
like at the beginning it was a suggestion by max and i disagreed and we had a discussion	i didn't think it got memey, rather it just got more confusing as the talking went on
really? the analogies were complete memes and then neither u or david gave a reason for why u agreed to it and jennifer was arguing against it but accidentally argued for it	you also didn't take a cold one bottle home with ya my boi!!
thanks tho	i thought the analogies max were trying to go for were fairly legitimate until we all started laughing at the idea of the comparison
i still don't understand why it would help anything tho	the reason why i agreed was that besides just some more work for us it isn't much of a thing for us to do
but it just makes it harder to understand the document	ppl always interpret things with a bias right? it's just default that we have a schema on how we interpret the world
the list idea is to list everyone's name in no particular order and next to each name u have "balanced, create"	and a lot of ppl are insecure about themselves and how other ppl view them. especially highschoolers
like over and over again	so even the way you present data will be interpreted differently by different ppl
*if	hold on itttsss hard to type on this piece of glassss
lol sorry	this would be easier if the phone had hands
ya ik but even as trivial as the problem that the list is suppose to solve is, the list still wouldn't solve it	in the end, yes you're right they will probably still think that
but it says the group names  right next to their names....	but the point is that that feeling of wtf why am i not here is mitigated and they won't care as much
this just makes the document less clear and it will take them longer to actually find out who the other members of their group are	cuz of the order they take in the data, they look for group first and be petty second
if they have problems with which group they're in they will ahve those problems regardless	cuz apparently some juniors are sensitive, which now that i think about it i've never actually seen for myself lol save for a few times i got stuck in a convo with andrea and vara complaining about something
they're not gonna stop having those problesm if the groups are put in farther down the document cersus if they're actually just stated at the top	i think the point wasn't that they wouldn't have the problem, they still would regardless. making the doc a bit convoluted is to mitigate that feeling they get of why am i not blank
also this has nothing to do with if u stab a knife quickly versus if u slowly sink a knife into someone. idk why max made that analogy except for memes	oh that actually might've been a meme lol
right but the problems will still be there regardless of the organization right	yes the problems will still be there
so its literally just trying to solve the visceral 1 second reaction that some ppl apparently will get if they see their name below another person's, except it won't actually solve it bc they will just scroll down tot he cell descriptions and get that visceral reaction then instead of at the top of the doc	are they so rattled that they would do something about it or be fairly rattled and not do anything
practice lol	it's not stopping the problem i think, it's trying to lower the severity of the feeling they get
and then adding a list	of course none of us know if this will actually work since psychologists still don't have a great way to measure emotion lmao
the scary thing is he seemed like a pretty nice guy	geezus
he was so nice	holy shit
i feel unclean	lol i doubt he would use the money from his sex ring to fund an academia program
tru	yeh idk
ya....	it feels like a plot twist of a movie
ya ikr im still kinda mind blown	except it's real lol
i painted yellow beavers onto a race track with that man :'(	lol
i don't think its a missing persons case, but its coercing women to work as "escorts"	wait is that a prostitute then?2
i think sex-trafficking is basically just euphamism for prostitution	ooh
and sex-trafficking is one part	i guess you can now say that you were face to face with a human trafficker and lived to tell the tale
iit seems stupid	why did jeremy delete his own stuff?
jen said "this is what i'm talking about" referring to when jen got triggerd that jeremy was working on botball, and max and jen are meming about how shes gonna delete all of jeremy's work	yeh that was pretty harsh
why does jeremy get trashed on when he doesn't do work and trashed on more when he does work	i think max is just a hardcore memer of an intense next level scale but i don't think he means harm
ya i agree max is def a well intentioned guy i just feel sometimes he lets memes get the better of his judgement	for a guy who'd rather live in the woods of oregon and build robots i like to take notice on how ppl interact with each other
when they probably don't realize it or intend it that way	well the truth is just that people act differently around different people
ya .... :/	*probably just cuz
uh its stupid	i actually wonder what's the social reason for being mean
its stupid	that's actually a good point
well the difference is we're meming eachother to eachother's faces. but for example above, jen and max are meming jeremy but jeremy has no consent or any part of the convo	wait those two convos were separate? idk how discord works still lol
smh. i'm making this a bigger deal than it is but i feel like it happens to jeremy unjustifiably much	it's normal for you to be mad about mistreatment lol
and again i'm sure max and jen are well intentioned, but they should've seen how douchey they're acting. i k memes come from somewhere, but when it gets out of hand, ppl just start defining someone by the meme they have of them	we're using the meme so much in serious convos it's starting to feel like a more revered word now
you've become quite the psychologist	lol thanks man
i'm not gonna tell jen lol but if u want to u can	lol i was about to say the same thing
	ppl are hard man
ya....	welp i better catch some zs cuz i don't i'm in a good condition to cad or read over essays anymore lol
i can read it over now and leave comments	nah don't worry about it
wdym	michigan robotics is what they call their robotics division rn
use in what context	my first sentence:
ya u can just call if michigan rkbtosjcs	thanks man
aren't those tiny	wait i thought we already had magnets
the one we used at mit was borrowed from angus	lol
im sure someone can just bring a strong magnet from home	what if my faulty legs are a sign for me to further pursue legged locomotion
you get the build replacement legs achievement bur your humanity score goes down to 50%	lmao
lol	btw has there ever been a robotics startup?
i mean ya theres been a lot	the only robo companies that i can think of that go for big complicated robos (and only robos, so no cars like toyota and honda) are irobot and bd and dji lol
i think agility robotics is a startup	but dji does drones and bd never sold a robot :'(
irobot started as a startup	i need more hope in agility robotics
the challenge is just huge startup cost sfor robot companies bc fricking hardware	i think their workforce are some grad kids and one undergrad from osu rn lol
	
lol	pshh
what would we do without those dinos	it seems that andy abate, the mech head of cassie is selling models of the robot
thats actually pretty cool	25-26 bucks... holy shit
for useful things	let's be honest here
investment into a roth ira account?	what the fuck is that
i dont think agility robotics is off the grid	who knows
in the war	the one where i got to make stupidly cool giant robot mechs
and then i invaded and took over alaska right after	holy crap
u probably could get the same information from just watching videos closely	but i watched all the videos already
lmao	i'mma buy one
6 gallooooooooonss	don't tempt me with your sweet words
and 3d print it urself	wouldn't that be a bit of a waste of time? since in the end i wouldn't be cading something that actually moves
maybe they can buy their employees donuts with ur money	which would motivate them to not give up on this venture
or on wednesday	yeh sure
i'm doing a q&a soon, ask questions here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bc3ouizkrnc now it gets faster every cycle: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2qcd_t...	holy shot that fits so well
yea sure	lol thx man
it's fine	gramps computer broke
lmaoo	uh oh
why	cuz he only speaks chinese
or do u think it's too late	you can take a read over if you want
hmm i don't want to give u any last minute doubts. i'll just check for grammar and stuff	i technically have 3 days
oh ok	if something is offsounding i would rather you say it sucks than have the ao say it sucks lol
should be done in like 5 min	kkkkkkkkk
that i would try to edit	can i use laboratory
just some wording issues	<3
ya i think so. it is honest to urself so that's good	"i love business so much, i want to make a big ass company and make huge dosh"
oh i didn't read ur wpi one yet	oh lol
wait can u link me up lol\	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wyewchc0ppx7vahfmsgihlawv2y80krbwdjqaa4n5ng/edit?usp=sharing
listening to it is pretty uplifting	but it's a song for and about people who are in happy relationships
tru :'( let me dream	lol, it'll be alright
ill tell u a story after i finsh reading wpi	exciting
ok done	thank you so much
than it would be fine	"sex toys"
yeee	huh, i'm actually having a hard time thinking of what robots could be besides helpers and companions lol
ya that sounds good	aight
is still calling me	lol
but i asume thats just what college is	is it cuz of the academic rigor over there?
oh shit speaking of academic rigor when is the web assign due	when i was a slave on reddit i read a lot of stories of ppl being stressed out at uc hicago, but always on their sophomore year they hit their stride
wait really? is that a thing at uchicago	i'm just going to do it tomorrow
nice	if that helps you can tell her that
wouldn't u call home in college	do you think i call home rn lol
lol	i'm still curious about that story you wanted to tell?
oh lol woops	did you forget the story lol?
i have an english quiz	lkkkkk
both are blacj	let me check
i have to find a good time to sneak out	wait wut
was i suppose to get a pass	you can just ask if you can get a pass lol
well i have one of the more anal retentive teachers	and then run back to show your teacher it
sorry i didn't realize i had so much english shit to read	lolllll
oh sicc	but we also have the problem that mr mack is missing some of his chargers
but everything is going crazy rn	it's fine lol
memes everywhere	wat
their former territory was now called "deserted boii". however, the boii had not been exterminated	that's fuking amazing
why?	max and i are probs going to be running through a lot of ideas
welp	and if you had some i don't want you to be out of the loop
uh i can call in	kkkkkk
but i will be on a bus so i will probably just listen and not talk until i get home	what lunch you got?
2nd	damn i got 3rd
i left mgh	:o
that can be my research thing	
this could be rubber bands in the back (think sci oly robot arm lols)	i have bad memories of that
ye but really quick	we have been prototyping so much and so fast
are u guys still there	max and i cleaned up and left around 3:30
oh dang	turns out my middle name has a hyphen in it
what's ur middle name	jk jk
so ur chinese name is hao chuan xing?	wouldn't it be
oh ya other way around	or as i usually go by:roy
	oh yeh, i almost forgot
ya	niceeee
it's fineeeee	can't tell if you lyin' or not
i am still scheduling things till 2	
	bruh
there's nothing to worry about	i'm going to give you links to the webassign problems lol
thanks tho <3	dayumn boii
i didn't save any of the links i used but they were all on first page of google search and i only used it for 2 questions	ic ic
thankss	alright finally submitted all mah apps
ur free	free after i write a midyear update lol
i have to do that too	really?? :o
not sure about weedtown	when i checked weedtown didn't have one
	uh idk if that's something the pussy meme is for
maybe that's more appropriate	geezus
but it does feel shitty	do you know why/where did you find this info
when i disappeared for a while it was jen and i outside talking	oh....
	oh man
*eachother	aw
mun we don't really talk / she's not really there a lot	wut bout mun and venture cafe n stuff
she doesn't do that anymore	i guess in an ironic way if she's still mad at you then she kinda reinforced your comment
but i guess it is true that through the whole affair i've lost some respect for her as well	hmm i'm not the best with this kind of stuff but
i guess i don't have college apps to distract me anymore	i would offer to talk to her for you but i don't think i know her well enough lol
ya, that's ok	just to clear things up though you're not sad about her hating you despite your old crush right. more sad about losing a close friend?
i'm finding this whole thing and my schedule stress are mixing quite well to make a big anxiety cocktail lol	geezus
or did it happen while u guys were still classmates	it could/probably is also she's stressed with things like college and her own commitments
honestly i kinda don't k how to approach / talk to her anymore. i feel like everything i say has the potential to offend her	i think you should just act like you guys used to be like before harvard apocalypse
i'll just try	she actively avoids you? dang
ya like in the hall i see her walking eith friends and she just moves to the opposite side so her friends are blocking between	oh man i'm sorry
but idk who she telld	ahh
the official boring company flamethrower starts shipping in spring.	yeh time is interesting
ya. i have to see petty first	sounds gucci
lmao thanks for the pic	no problemo
	drugs r cheaper than these services
ya	thx lol
how far did you guys design it?	the concepts are down but the drafting isn't there w/o measurements
the pulleys seem really weak	virgin pulleys?
aren't they suppose to lift like kilos	yeh...
they're just little plastic discs	and about that networking thing... got any contacts who have metal 3d printers?
but she hasn't been responding to me. i need to get her on baord for mahacks, then i can inquire about 3d printing	if you send an explosive she'll be sure to respond
that's not proper networking etiquette	*an explosively happy letter
lmao	there's etiquette??
sounds like ahookup	so is agility and bd :,( but i'm not done with college yet
u should just apply	i also don't have the funds to start my own lab
then take it and run	lmaooooo
so thats a good sign	congrats!
nah apparently she was just kinda pissed on the day but later she told vara that she and i are all back to normal	that's a similar msg lol
which confuses me a bit	maybe you can ask her
to a few months	a few months is kinda long bruh
well we were talking normally at mun yesterday	that's good!
ok	i lied
wait u mean on that flat i mean *slight incline* on the way to school	nah this time it was on the icy sidewalks
i need to k if i'm really that dumb	i fell asleep after you guys left
also i might have left a red notebook and a caesar book	if you give me ur pass i can dualboot rn
wait can u also look for notebook and caesar book	how do you manage to do this
p o w e r m o v e	i'm going to break ur computer
wait so did u find the stuff	ye
i'll just pick it up at bois night	ur pencil is even here
this was at the top of my feed lol	that's bullshit and you and i know it lol
lol	i feel like smart ppl like woz don't forget about one of the most expensive and modern vital machine that they own lol
 you called foxy roxy.	
 you called foxy roxy.	
elina?	yeh man
damn	i'm throughly impressed
from hbo's last week tonight with john oliver. all rights belong to hbo. check out the official channel here: https://www.youtube.com/user/lastweektonight	i think they need to start screening who says they are a republican and are running for an office lol
nope	oh hey the patriots lost the baseball game
ya...	shame, tom brady was such a good goalie too
	looks like angry fans are going to burn boston to the ground now
and made a whole bunch if mistakes in the last quarter	what are you talking about lol
ya	if ya haven't done the stretch problems yet:
oh damn thanks	no problemo
i didn't make any changes lol	it's alright i don't think they expect us to have a new ver already
ya	ya ready?
haha genes you little fucker you	bruh
then the tiredness kicked in	ah...
lol	aw fuck
who is it	keziah
hopefully its not some 80 yr old man who asks for a ride home	keziah robinson, class of 2000
nice	holy shit she's an actress
but what is a) asking for?	i'm turning that in tomorrow lol
has someone started that?	no idea
nice	so what da ya think about the intel glasses?
actually really cool	they fucking took our idea
and i agree that the glasses are more of a stepping point to more wearable in the future	the head movement controls are pretty cool
so that's good	but not everyone likes to wear glasses so i wonder if there's an even possibly less instructive wearable
well u have to wear the wearable whatever it is. the most miniature could be contacts but that would take some serious minitiarizatiob	smart tattoos
lol	i wonder if ppl would be ok with small humanoid robo assistants
who's venture was to surgically implant headphones into your ear bc "bluetooth headphones fall out easily"	that's insane lol
the man behind the ionic ear set the bar pretty high in the show's first episode.	lmao
he's a telcommuncations engineer	fuck
wow	wouldn't it be better to just make custom earpieces than to surgically implant one if all you want is for them to not fall out...
	not true!
lol	wut
ya...	i can't believe the entrepreneurship world has become inflated
i would actually give it a watch	is it good for "what not to do"
lol well it's more like a really clueless engineer tryna do entrepreneurship	ouchhh
if only woz's brain could be paired with job's ambition, wozjob would be unstoppable	truuu
by himself	that makes him sounds like a wozjob - the soft kindness of woz lol
well idk about soft kindness but definitely he's down to earth and actually has technical skills unlike jobs	i like how out of all these ppl the person with the most seemingly stable personal/love life is zuckerfucker
well does woz have a wife	woz has had like four wives lol
and he's the same generation as jobs and woz	wait really?
in pretty sure within the same decade	is jeff bezos the same gen as musky? lol
both of them rode the .com wave and became prominent in the early 2000s	man i can't want for the robotics wave to be a thing
	i guess robotics is going to be stuck deep in r&d for a while
like internet businesses which are super easy to set up	oh c'mon there's like maybe almost 50 solely robotics focused companies/startups
but i think robotics is just too technical	tru
maybe somehow of the process of building and designing new robots is simplified	there is currently a ros hardware movement
wdym	oh wait
	are ya home rn?
nope i'm at boston children's hospital	oh wait you can't drive either lol
for an entrepreneurial event	you networking?
launch was successful!	ayy
lol i spent the afternoon touching some fake dead bodies	wat
well i was touring the simlab at boston children's hospital	they have a lab dedicated to simulations???
mainly for training doctors and surgeons	finished
it's string powered?	just the knee joint is
what's gonna be pulling the string?	the top servo
oh ic	i think i should probs do hw now but...
it looks like a good atart	that's what we said about chad lol
instagram.com/50_nerdsofgrey	lmao
#entrepreneurship	here's my joke on legged robots
	alright
kinda	i just finished myself
oh ye	is mun today?
no mun is tomorrow	holy shit my monitor magically started working with the ubuntu side
and ya	when does b block end then d:
8:23	thx thx
lol wut	oh yeh
how can i use the best text editor nano	lol
the creation of a true wozjobs	lmao
but honestly what musk has accomplished is so amazing	but he never made a robot
but the entrepreneur gets credit for bringing all these ppl together and giving them all a vision to work towards	tru tru
bc my phone is dumb	i just realized colleges won't even know what a slip model is
r u writing ur feb update?	yeh for schoolios
damnnn	i love how they still keep the meme strong
wait why are you emailing updates? isn't there an online thing for it	i called each college
oh i just got contacted for stanford intreview	nice!!!
tim zajic	aw man
thats so funny	can we swap lol
whos ur person?	this is her sum in linkedin: " business strategist and investor with 15+ years of experience working with ceos, founders & executive leadership across multiple industries. creative and collaborative problem solver with proven ability to navigate complex projects and personalities. experience in start-ups, utilities & infrastructure, asset management & private equity, luxury goods, and non-profits."
i dont think we can switch lol	well on the brightside hopefully our ppl don't know too much about the opposite fields
i think its just too early of a stage as it is rn for most ppl to get what ur trying to accomplish	i now know why hurst kept the monopod research/breakthroughs on the down-low until he finished the whole robot and made it bipedal
i'm sure the surgical earphones also made that sharktank guy jizz in his pants	i suppose the skill would be to know when a product is presentable and useful
whereas jobs insisted that the netire thing be made with ui/ux designed so anyone could use it	tru
ya why?	just wondering if ya wanna go to some testing on chad w/ me
and also i need to finish writing my sci oly test for the tryouts this friday	kkkkkkkk
in the middle of states prep season for sci oly	nah it's alright man
thanks	no problemo
btw do u have open ends tomorrow?	e block i do
oh wait can u check if u have the box and the magnets in ur basement	what does it look like?
cuz we can use any box really	do ya remember what the magnets look like? size n' stuff
magnet sized	lol
i think one of them is like a grey shiny cilinder thing	yeh, couldn't find it
do you have any magnets?	all i got are fridge magnets lol
can you look for the box again?	i can during e block
why?	cuz idk what it looks like lol
hmm could i go to ur house during lunch?	uhhhh
i have 2nd	i have third lunch
so not ideal	welp shit
so i'll be there in third lunch	lol bruh
i'm on the balcony of the caf	where u at
proabbly 11th place	lol it's alright
gotta come cuz i have english quuz	
	now that's worth
lol	how's mun so far?
why	cuz we kept abusing their generosity lol
uc decisions came out	nah they are rolling
	it's feb bruh lol
ya that's why it's unexpected	late march is when they will finish al of them
no one else here got an email	i thought you took back ucb?
no i completely forgot about that bc of how busy	
the past few weeks have been	bruhhh lol
	i guess they really wanted you
lol theybdont need another asian cs nerd	or maybe ucb girl made sure you got in
lmaio	how's mun so far
here's what your missing	dude i'm in there rn lol
wait does it work?	lmao no of course not
u missed the delegate dance	it's been standing for almost 5 minutes now
btw sorry we weren't there to work on chad	nah it's fine
it's ok you must accept the unviabilitu	i can't believe it has a repeatable point of balance on my first try
? how would it be unrepeatable	meaning that when i tense up the springs and plop it down carefully it can balance
oh niceee	i was afraid that it would end up like atrias since i actually have no actual ankle control
there's your wholesome meme of the day	lol thx
how about "unviable"	
i barely k her ok	i feel like i'll hear that line a lot in the future
hey you wanna take a break from working on unviable and play online smash	i was about to go to sleep lol
we had to do curfew for mun	plus you would lose anyway
and now i don't want to sleep but im bored	
weeakkkkkkk]	you could help me write some code for jocelyne and research proper i2c chips to control the servos
	doesn't mun require you to get sleep and be aware lol
nah its all done, tomororw is the last day and we finished evyerhing already	who are ya rooming with
max and vara	ahhh
	alright that does it
can u create the room?	yeh sure
wait so u can't access onlin at all?	nah i changed it when i got locked out last time lol
lol welp	one sec lol
lol	aw shit i think it targets your whole system?
how does smash have better security than gmail	
welp	alright
ok good night	have fun with jocelyne
dude its so amazing	that was so good
shit i also didnt see ur messages before	how did wut go?
the meeting wtih mahoney	i took notes and shared it
we just worked together on the same directives	what does she look like ya stud
lol	you feeling better?
just been super busy	you in school today?
yup	you wanna chad with me during d block?
so yea most likely	nioce
thanks man	btw can you open the back foot lol
do u still need it	nope
wait my eye is bleeding	wat
gotta do what u gotta do	were you guys able to sneak out of that assembly?
what happened?	it was pretty awkward and cringy overall lol
the most important detail	lmaooo
not on kipr's	ayyyy
get ready for a surprise during e block	
lmaoooo	send me some dank updates/vids of mun
but do u k like what specifically about him has been rubbing u the wrong way?	i think the way he talks to people perhaps
but also he can afford to go to botball like every day bc he's already in his ed college so	yeh i was able to come to my own satisfying conclusion that i think settled my thoughts
is there anything in particular that triggered it?	nah not really lol
unlike vara	
kinda sad it took such a hit	this is your chance to mend it
like i kinda wanna hang out with her	that makes you sound like a creep
:/	that doesn't mean you can't make her comfortable
that was ethan august	lol
lol	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgyjnqojvxe
your too good	why did you spam the swobo chat lol
but my internet lags a lot on this wifi	lmaooo
wait roy did you actually create an insta	it's a meme
lol did you make iy	yeh
ya i recommended it to her	wait is she going to mahacks?
	i think i cut my hair way too short
will i finally see what your forehead looks like	yeh
*using	the second option is splitting the input and output to be done by two separate mc
ah ok	this is becoming exponentially more complex than i anticipated
jeezus	you should sleep early mi amigo
i have an mahacks meeting in an hr, sci oly all day tomorrow, mun meeting wed. morning and botball + florian dinner in the afternoon, botball and mahacks meeting in boston on thursday and entrepreneurship club friday morning + mahacks final prep on friday	ahh icic
	oh wait that works out since i'm gone thursday
nice nice	you can take a break wednesday from botball
u sure	damn dude you should take sunday off or something
but i feel bad cuz i haven't been there that much	yeh don't worry about, i gotchu
nah it's fine i'll come on wednesday	da bois got ur back
i might nap in the middle but i'll b there	lol nap at home then napping in such a chaotic environment is the equivalent as napping outside
	i'm touring massrobotics
ah ok	and then robbing them blind
nah i have an mahacks meeting at 9	boi
which will probably go like 1-2 hrs	just don't burn out this week
ok	if you're eye is still broken take it off
*weeks	it's a pretty bad sign doe
*fatigue	yeh that's another reason to take wednesday off lol
look how viable this robot is. it just blew someones brains out	that's not what i want robots to do
in the episode, the killer robots are called "dogs"	why they gotta get inspiration like dat
closer to real life	the writer for ieee automation is actually sad/annoyed everyone on bd's videos are always like "oh no! killer robots!"
lol	should i spend 20 bucks on a specialized servo controller?
mmmm how much more precise than what you lareday have?	yup
*how much more precise	oh idk
oh lol	got it
that pretty hacky	yeh....
respond to jason	alright i can come and give him the glue and exactos
whats the plan for mision possible	build
but like what sht eschedule?	idk anytime i'm awake and in the basement lol
i mean theres not much f or you to do here tbj	i could just do break hw there
;)	which part of the lib?
lets make it happen ;)	you don't have servos lol
oh ill provide plenty of thrust ;)	it would need to be torque not thrust
;)	the actuators would also need to be low mass so that the inertia of each joint especially those on the legs will be low
when you compile a lot of mass in a short height	the inertia must be low so that the momentum of the leg will be easier to control
;)	due to the fact that flat feet designs rely on the actuator being in the joints they are slow
hey, even if those bars need to be sliding at parallel angles	interesting that you bring that up because the slip mass model (spring loaded inverted pendulum) with a depression dampening effect has become a more popular model recent
meeting room	where's that
where r u now ill come down	https://youtu.be/afua50h9uek
that's insane	ikr
ya i'll be there soon	eta?
probably like 20 min	kkkkk max and i have some updates for ya and fully commentated and cleaned up cofe
get that filthy commented code out of thete	where u at
walking	tell us if you jason's dead body
lol wut	jason said he was walking three hours ago and he's still missing
oh shit	are you still at davids?
nooe	lol thx man
npnp	that was a pretty fun party
ye haven't had one in a while	did not expect to enjoy socialization with a lot of ppl so much
	
after mahacks i will be so much more free to hang out with ppl and stuff	what about winmun
eh that's not nearly as much work	ahh ic ic
but after that	bruh
but after that	bruhh
shit	
i never really did that	wait really
it was mainly cuz my latin teacher asked really nicely and not man y other ppl go	i think i'm actually out for rwdc around the time of regionals so it's pretty clutch that our schedules covers for whenever we're absent lol
oh it's the week before right	yup yup
it's kinda sad this will be our last botball season	hmm i haven't felt nostalgic or melancholic just yet about the whole our last year of high school
mun is basically ovee	ahhh
but actual conferences are ovee	ah yeh, everything slowing down then
there's a river in b/w	dat's dumb
did u go to mit sloan	i want free monitors
any starbucks	but there's ppl there
yo roy when are you done with ur tour?	just finishing up
do you want a ride home?	sure but i was planning to hang around the area for a while and do some work
if u want just lmk	i'm taking a dump in the stats building rn
uh	how's mahacks
i'm not nearly as stressed about it as last mahacks	is it near the stata building? i need a place to crash ;)
lol no it's over by north station	where da fuk is north station
i was gonna tell him to stop but he also looked kinda homeless	i think he was your future self
ok im not gonna be creepin around high school hackathons	that's pretty hilarious
i'll be mooching off of soup kitchens like a respectable human	yeh ok, you'll be creeping around technovation?????
lol	i'll just be continuing taking dumps around kendall square and sloan if ya wanna drop by
that we always go to	isn't that kinda far lol
lmao	is this from mun?
i don't k any of these ppl	or did you get so black out drunk you forgot you went to that party lol
i kinda wanna troll and play along	that might be kinda creepy lol
lol	i made a mistake sitting here
shit i just missed my train	wut
ye	ahhh
it's ok two of my team members are going	this could be a good opportunity to take it slow and chill for the rest of the day
lol nahhhhh	or maybe you could use one of those telepresence robots
i might just ask them to vid call me in	boi
our venue might be too small	how?
so our venue would fit 80 very well but idk about 111	bruh
shiiiiiit	that's 138.75% your carrying capacity
im kinda hoping some ppl won't come	idk if you should bank on that lol
ye.....	could you maybe cut ppl?
i dont think so	well is the venue going to be mad that you're stuffing so many ppl in?
i think they'll be fine	so then the problem is just handling/cramming in that many ppl?
ya	welp
i dont think that will sell	you could have elimination rounds
and ppl might get pised abotu that	well they should suck it up like men then
damn	idk about you but all these mit kids are nerdy af looking
maybe not in the cs building lol	yeh that makes a lot of sense
lol	there's a lot of young lookin' ppl here
i'm really nervous now that i think our venue is too small	i was sitting next to the daycare thing but this girl came out of a lecture hall with a backpack and everything lol
rn they're still counting chairs and making a catalogue of the different rooms	ahh ic ic and you're vid calling i'm assuming?
over messenger	that situation sounds a lot more conducive to anxiety lol
a;sdkjf;alskjdf;lajs;dlkfjasl;dfjlasdjfk	do you know your options then?
basically	wait, then why are you stressing if there's only one option
bc irrationality	
	maybe you guys can brainstorm ways to limit the amount of chaos and or inconvenience
wait do u have a slack?	i think either jenn or ethan wanted me to make one a while back
ok can you try to join	sure
ok so your in right	i need to get the app i think
oh ur on ur phone	i ain't taking my laptop out while i'm on the loo
are you sure you dont need to get your ass checked	nah i think i'm fine
ok are you able to post to the announcements channel?	nope can't post
nice. and can you post to all the other ones?	i'll test
sweet thanks	hold on i need to test the keywords
just want to make sure cuz last year i didn't set all the permissions so some little shits trolled the slack	the keyword thing is broken
and ya it's discord but for professional companies	i just realized how ironic it was for me to sarcastically call those trolls mature when i just said that to a bot
lol	lol how is it more professional?! it's just a white discord
ya basically	oh wait i answered my own question
but it's not marketed for gaming so	
it's also shittier than discord with less features and not completely free	lol
thanks	no problemo
oh the dumping mechanism is a bit wierd, but i tested out awhole bunch of methods of dumping	the crank that is a bit strange
how is the dumping?	i found a better way to dump
that was fundamental to the robots function	made a new move till black function that uses the create sensors, works really well
and going from the side just didn't work for me	the dumping is having the claw to the right of the team pole and then half open and then full open
i redid the foam bin thing to make it wider	the tram has to be not like fed
my reasoning was i thought going directly into the middle is the most robust and least reliant on good bin positioning, so i basically open as i move above the bin	hmmm
ok	we're so close and yet so far
ok	nothing is working
same	you doing mahacks stuff rn?
ya it already takes a bit too much time	we're at that point where it's hard to test since you have to test the whole first part of the program first lol
	could i crash mahacks? you could be 140% capacity!!!!
just finishing up some last logistics stuff and finalizing our live page	what the heck is a live page
basically puttinga ll the info you need during the hackathon on there	this triggers me
that	youuuuu
its a legged robot with an x through the middle	i was about to say that
	it's a waste to hack together technology that nobody wants to use
u mark rupert and tool shed man	lol
nope it was the workshop runner	cuz it reads like a direct meme against me lol
lol	just give it the right context :')
everything with applications is	what applications does the robo from ex machine have?!
killing ppl	she's literally a person at that point >>:(
dude she slid that knife into his back like it was butter	he just skipped back day like a fool
but still understands how to manipulate them	she's just a sociopathic human then lol
ya but she's the perfect sociopath	i still don't understand the desire to give machines tru sentience/on par with humans
and thus shouldn't be able to go rogue	it all depends on how that ai works/is structured then. we don't even know how sentience or creativity work nevermind if they're interlocked
pray	boi
wait what happened to jen	lol you might wanna keep resting then
at mun she was complaining about how she was so "done with botball bc she's not on a main robot"	welp
but sometimes a cover letter	the fuck is a cover letter again?
is mass robotics just a space?	i'm not going to write a cover letter for like 15+ companies mannn
oh are you job hunting?	nah when i was touring i may have gotten a little over excited with all these world class expensive robots around me
	all the ppl for the tour were all dressed up in fancy suits n' shit
it was probably for businesses	the tour was apparently for ppl who want to check out the place for their own companies and talk about rates n' shit
nice	i wonder how long i can pull that kind of bs before it gets _too_ weird
ya i'm just really really tired lol	that's good to hear that it went smoothly despite being over capacity
on your resume?	ye
i would include it	lmao
welp	don't worry
also there's a bunch of bots that try to friend everyonn	nah she's a real girl lol
	is that a subtle pick up line or something
some ppl do friend ppl on their recommended list	this was my response:
lmao ya	lmaooo
did u see my comment?	yeh i did
	but how do you have time to make all those legged robotics memes?
	ouch
early marchh	ay lmao
all you need is the hayshed and a legged robot	nah i'm not worried about the results since i can already bombard hursts' lab
hopefully less drama this time	pi day?
but also ivy week	you could send meme mags to ppl who get in
wdym?	nvm lol
u mean with jeremy?	nah i mean in the sci oly chat
ya why?	in the time we were memeing and having fun working on chad you seemed fine but the time before and after you seemed kinda stressed out and irked lol
but before that i thinkbi was just tired	like when you got heated about max building maga
but also like o hear a lot of ppl talking about being upset at how authoritarian botball is and i do see it at some pts	yeh...
i now feel bad i didn't say more to kinda alleviate the situation	correct me if i'm wrong but it seems to be more of jenn complaining and alienating jeremy rather than the other way around
max seems to too i guess	i didn't expect max to honestly, ethan and david always have strong biases so i'm not surprised about that
like i think jeremy was probably being dictatorial and alienating his team, but ethan firmly believes that jeremy is a power hungry person who just wants to be in control	though max does trust jenn more than jeremy it seems like so it makes sense how this came about
i was talking to him after and i think a super valid defense on his part is that every time he asked others for their thoughts they would not along, there was no instance where he could have changed his behavior, until now where we full out smack him in the face with it	yeh i was just talking to him and asking what he wants and he just wanted to work in a nice group lol
i really wanted to say smthn and i regret that i didn't	i really want to let him jump onto chad with us worse comes to worse but idk if we have enough for him to do, i already feel bad about what happened with brando last year and max has already started moving onto other stuff now that the big chunk of hardware is done
cuz apparently none of his team wants to work with him and it seems like we're the only ppl who would be down to work with him :/	apparently asun and sam said they're fine with working with him and that sam didn't want jeremy to leave (this info is from jeremy himself)
ya tbh i don't think jen being "done with botball" is really cuz of jeremy, considering how she never brought up him being dictatorial when she talked with jeremy privately, it might have been a minor reason that we projected	in contrast to that i have heard/listened to her complaining that jeremy was doing robo stuff without consulting her first but now i question if its really that jeremy was doing stuff without telling her or if it was her blowing things out of proportion
cuz it's not like jen has been super dedicated in the past, or come to extra meetings ever	that is a really good point, even if the robot isn't looking too great it's still all that group produced and on top of that it was mostly done by jeremy
man why can't ppl just be nice to eachother	a large majority of the ppl doing robotics rn probably aren't going to do robotics in the future so i think it's self-filtering, i remember david talking about doing financial engineering stuff at columbia
ya :/	or at least ppl bumming off of others lol
it's fine tho most entrepreneurs are also not like that	ay lmao, if you ever need trustworthy engineering consulting or anything i'gotchu
lol thanks man	if you need an untrustworthy cfo
	
just depends on how productive u feel	i wanna do robo stuff but not academic stuff
i'm so unproductive rn but i can't sleep cuz i have a mun conference call in like 5 min :/	so basically not super productive lol
lol	bruh i thought mun was over lol
i usually work best at 3 am	i really wanna build this:
	can you open up the back door in like five minutes?
lol ya	thanks man
for my yearbook	you could but idk if jonny would allow that
probably doing this one. sarah helped me pick	ha nerdddd
*bad	i originally wanted to meme it but decided against it
just put a legged robot	i'm already spreading awareness with instagram
lmao	i really don't know how to converse with internet strangers
its fine if you just ask about their school	but then you know their general area and ip confirmation and then you get a smaller sample size of who to hack
@_@	i really wish there was a way to delete your msgs on social media platforms
	that's like a half pussy deletion
especially for arguments	this sounds like an untapped market
lol	would it really help with arguments?
it would help for ppl like jen or vara who scroll back and find like on message you sent and use it to rage about u	lol i mean if they're willing to go that far they probably have that line saved and memorized
lol	i suppose she can't take criticism too well
ya hopefully	and then things will hopefully be better between you two
anyways	:o you don't plan on keeping up with your high school buds?
no i do but not specifically jen and i	ahh ic ic
but its not perfect. it thought my hand was a door	that's pretty funny
cuz i had to do some wierd shit to deploy it	weirdd
and how much processing power google has to actually train such a massive algorithm	damn, bigshot over here just shitting on google's algorithm and how it's not important
lmao	if q-computing really delivers on revolutionizing processing power and speed ai should get a huge boosto from that
	ppl with that mindset are doomed to eventually hit a wall and be behind
probably a good thing to do is get the line stuff worked out, like find out if/why sometimes it skips the line, and also get that line up to balck working?	yeh, i'll just work on line up to black this block then
cuz i have lunch i could come over	almost there i'm waiting for pine to do attendance lol
godamit the whole jeremy situation is still bothering me. i can't stop thinking about it	i may have just woke up and not know when i fell asleep
ya ill go for winblock but i might need to study during part of that time for a test	may i reorganize the master folder one of these days lol
nah they're not thattttt bad	how's mun going
busy bus busy	i'll send you the physics problems by tomorrow
proabbly on friday ill have time	it's due on friday
shit i have an essay	
it fine im not planning on sleeping tonight	you aren't as young anymore and you already suffered from burnout before
its ok its jusg for a few days	my fucking linux side just broke again
wdym uncharted territory?	no one has data on this laptop
oh i've talked to a few of these startups before	through other events n' stuff?
ya and mahacks outreach	dang, how big is your network already lol
btw do u have plans for this summer?	not really unless massrobotics gets back to me
i got a job offer to work at beaverworks as a ta	niceee
cuz it coincides with robotics month	you mean botball or is there another robotics month out there lol
botball lol	ic ic
ya sure	nvm
nice	you wanna head down for e block?
i have actual class e block	
	forgot about that...
tho can we do starting next week	yeh sure
i'm slightly dying this week	ya think lol
i'm gonna do these problems myself bc i've been leeching too much already	these are backup. just in case
<3	i did 39 instead of 40 lol
nice	alright i'll get that done after a while...
idk if its that ambitious of a product	i feel like the concept is
do u k abotu that startup by andrew ng, that wants to make ai that can help cure depression	idk man they still got a lot to go before having real computer vision on par with humans lol
ya its a chatbot that's suppose to be able to be really good at reading emotions	how would that cure depression though
like reduce symptoms	maybe it's just me
https://www.messenger.com/t/drwoebot	yeh that's not as impressive as i thought
its getting there	in fact i'm throughly disappointed and my day is ruined
:'(	how the fuk are ppl supposed to empathize with it if it can't even understand what you're saying lol
its not suppose to be in the moment stress relief, weobot is suppose to talk to you over the course of a few weeks to try to find a pattern	that's a lot more lame than what i imagined it was supposed to do
yett	so it's more of a tool than anything else
ya	wait is uchicago really stressing her out?
you're basically one step away from sentience lol	well there's one big problem
	holy shit it's a memer
lol wait i kinda want to try it out to see exactly what it does	the one big problem is how is woebot going to write down notes on its patients if it doesn't have hands
lmao	you know the open ai
but wouldn't it highly depend on what type of robot	yeh that's what i'm wondering if the algorithm is adaptive so you could just tell it how many actuators, the physics model and then be ready to go
like theres just so much variation	you mean the algorithm and not the model right?
ya he's one of the really famous professors	do you still think that ai will get to a point that you can market it in our lifetime?
there are aready a lot of ai products in market	i mean a viable one that has actual impact instead of being "huh neat"
define actual impact	one that will cause the revolution that you mentioned, on par with woz's apple ii or the rise of the web
i mean ai basically already defines a lot of stock trading and market analysis, which has a pretty huge effect on teh economy	an impact on the world
it doesn't have to be a consumer product lol	i can bet you 8/10 ppl on the streets don't know wtf econ ai are or what they donlol
but ai is already determining lots of things about our lives	econ doesn't affect my life
or its ai that's incorporated into some other mass market product	i'm guessing i'm thinking of impact more of a scientific breakthrough than some applications
	
there probably will be another soon based on how many pl are going to ai now	energy also seems like they will go through another revolution soon
and wearable tech :d	
it will happennn	yeh but they gotta break through the fashion barrier first
so technology just needs to be more minitiarized	idk if we can get in on that though, the miniaturization of tech is only really possible for already big and established companies
only thin i can think of rn	lmao that would be the dream
ya. idk how they actually manufacture such miniature electronics	it's all a chemical process
unless it's literally just a marketing thing	it's a marketing thing
wait ur telling me they make i5 and i7 the same way but there's a random  chance that some chips are significantly better than others	yes
feel right about this	it was quite the shocker for me too
ok that's slightly betrer	only slightly doe
like the gen number? o_o	lol each core has subcategories
like what	for example
it kinda makes sense	but doesn't it still bother you that these subcategories only exist cuz the engineers that made the chip found that some just sometimes fucked up
lol ya, but i feel like any product is like that	and then have lesser cpus hanging around as a byproduct
it doesn't seem like the performance varies by a whole lot	each hertz counts
but it's like a bonus to test and specify	that's like making a robot but one motor doesn't work that well
so u can use to jack off to or whatever u do with robots	ok yeh that makes sense
*why	there's no way there's an efficient wheel can handle that without being too big
damn dude are u ok	interview went better than i thought it would
oh did u hear sam got into umich?	yeh
idk usually i just lie down	i think that worked
nice	how are things goon'
how does she go to chess club without knowing how to play chess	that caught me really off tbh
also lol you're actualy using insta	i'm using it to post pics of robots and document the timeline of modern robotics
whats her name?	you into her?
	oh dear lord
lol do u k where she's from?	ny
that's not too farl	what are you implying...
insert your rook into her castle	castle is a move
and rooks participate in castles	are ya implying i should stick mah dic into her dic?
i wont judge	wanna work on botball tomorrow during b block?
what day is it	now that you're outta "overscheduled" hell?
ya sure	got any good song recs?
lol depends what kinda mood ur in	idk what mood
that's only for occasional moods tho late at night	it already sounds incredible edgy lol
if u want something less edgy may i recommend the black keys	tighten up
are the ones i like	i notice tighten up seems to be a slightly angsty love song
the music video is pretty funny	yeh it really was lol
oh really? who	you'll see haha
wait wdym i'll see?	nah i mean someone already promposed so that's why i said ppl are starting to do them
no idea	got sent back to arctic monkeys by youtube lol
a few ppl did last yr	lol
do u k who you're gonna ask?	ha nope
but isn't prom on a weekend	may 30th is a wednesday i think
oh welp	ay lmaoo
#corporatelife	you could ask
why does he sound just like alex turner	ikr
tho a bit too mellow imo	says the guy who's into gay church yelling man
ceramic animals is like in between arctic monkeys and that	that sounds amazing actually
but it wasn't even that edgy :/	are you seeking edges now?
if its called edgy it better be a sharp-ass edge	lol
high school is almost over its crazy to think about it	man you're really hung up on this huh?
i mean looking back do you ever wish that *more* had happend	yeh of course lol
and its been kinda boring lol	are you sad since you've never had a girlfriend?
had more opprotunitites to develop as a person	do you not like who you are rn?
well	well how about i put it this way:rn i believe time well spent is time spent on:friendsfamilylearningcreationenjoying what the world and life can give to you in the fullest (a nice meal, the quiet pitter patter of a sunday rainy afternoon, seeing a bright full moon, ...)
and also i feel like it would be better for me in the long run if i had some more challenges in my life now that i had to struggle to overcome	i've never heard of someone wanting to make it harder for them to live life  haha
i feel like life is too boring without that many struggles	i feel like you might be thinking of life too much as a story
yes i def am	dead on huh lol
ya ik life isn't always like that, that's why i'm kinda wishing it was lol but it hasn't been	what did you want to happen lol
its kinda an irrational desire	you fight and chase down the boston bomber and then have a romantic arc that ends with a melancholic kiss as your love interest leaves and or dies?
also having a metal leg seemed cool	"dear santa, this year for xmas i want to become crippled"
	the idea might be cool but we both don't know the actual struggles ppl like that to through
ya that's what i kinda realized	it might trivialize their struggles if they ever meet a dude who wants to lose their limb just cuz they wanna experience more. basically don't ever say this to a crippled person
but the heavier lows are the things i have yet to experience	really? have you ever felt like welp shit this is the worst thing i've ever experienced/felt
there's something different about being a growing kid and experiencing these, and experiencing them as like a middle age man	i can assure you it doesn't matter how old you are, no one ever wants to remember their super lows
maybe that's too optimistic	i don't think ppl who survived the atomic bombs ever thanked that they experienced that
you don't grow as a person from being pounded with radiation	the hulk did
	yeh i see what you mean
it probably helped inspire him to innovate tho	he wasn't the person who innovated first lol
but i always have the feeling it could have been better. not better in the usual way but better as in more interesting, more facets of life i couls have experienced, more opportunities for me to develop	you know ppl tend to want to better their current selves and not their past selves
and honestly this is a bit selfish but also comes down to me wanting to live an interesting life, one that sticks out and is worth remembering. probably "remarkable" would be the best word	well let me put it kind of blunt, time is the most valuable and most limited resource we have, despite it being boundless. and because of that we can only do so much with it, there is a really could chance that you could not have experienced more even if you wanted to. you might even have to exchange certain experiences for the ones you want
ya, i mean none of this has any bearing for the present since i'm jus talking about me wishing some things could have been	i like how this all comes back to you wanting to be remembered
and ya pretty much lol. that's a common theme for me i guess	idk if this is a downer or not, but no one remembers the nice april day that alexander the great spent hanging out with his buds and having the must fun in his life. instead, ppl remember his military conquers and achievements
ya but i mean he did both lol	yeh of course he did lol but your point of being remembered is a bit contradicting your goal of not focusing on singular goals. ppl are only remembered for their singular goals and achievements
if you had to choose between leading a life full of experiences and happy moments but die with little consequence, or a life that's bittersweet and miserable at times, but leave the world a much better and changed placr	yeh i know you would choose the second one lol we talked about this before i think
when someone asked him "what do you say to those ppl who want to be like you"he said "i'm not sure that i want to be me"	yeh, you may want it now but when you're there you may not want it anymore
yet something drives musky to keep doing it, cuz he feels like it needs to be done	it's not binary dude, you can be happy and accomplish great things at the same time
ya ik i mean that would've the dream obviously	i think musky has clearly failed in that aspect
i guess bill gates	this is becoming intensely hypothetical lol, what conclusion are you trying to make? it seems like you're trying to get down to one
our decisions will determine if we get chapter 6a, 6b, 6c, or 6d	yeh no shit lol
ye	i have no doubt in my mind that cmu said nah because of my gpa but do i give a fuck? nah who cares i'm still going to get to point whatever anyway
oh nope	can you get me one for b block?
ya sure	where should we meet up so you can hand it off to me
i'm gonna be getting to school in the next 30 min	ayyy
	
i'm at the balcony tables now	kkkk
oh are you going on that japan trip?	i can barely afford the parts to an electric skateboard
so no?	depends idk
in terms of trips	yeh but servos
do u have enough money for that lol	no
can i grab it during b block?	yeh but you should get to school quick then
when does it end	ends at 8:20
ok	when you gonna be dere?
probably around 8:05	sounds good
are you at ur house currently?	yup
i will	dude i did some more research on skateboards
	i also think it's very possible to make an automated skateboard with steering, the tricky part is making it so that it can be automated turning or manual turning
if ur crossing a road lol	built-in manual override
ok i'll be there in a few minutes	nioce
here	kkkkkkk
? shit what hapoened	#i'msohumble
	humblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumblehumble
hum hum hum hum hum ble ble ble ble ble	aight, if we're actually going to do this skateboard i'mma start doing research on parts and how other ppl made theirs
lol ok. when would we work on it tho	i'll make a folder and share it
we already have a folder lol	we do?
lol ya	i think i might get a penny board for reference
a what?	it's a type of skateboard
how much are they	https://www.google.com/search?safe=strict&rlz=1c1chbf_enus722&ei=imsewsswgom1ggeo7qc4aw&q=cheap+penny+board&oq=cheap+penny+board&gs_l=psy-ab.3..0i67k1j0i7i30k1l2j0l6j0i67k1.12010.12776.0.13046.6.6.0.0.0.0.141.721.0j6.6.0....0...1c.1.64.psy-ab..0.6.718...0i13k1.0.ipyr-2lxi-s
do u wanna be social and grab lunch lol	i'm at rwdc lol
lol ok	where u at
we're at toscanos	lol
do u wanna come?	nah
do u want any food?	nah i'm aight
taking a dump	bruh
	stop prestalking me
by the gym	we need to conserve water
	i'm going to go to the junkyard and scavenge for parts
would there be anything at the junkyard worth scavenging	no lol
:d	lost mine lol
do u have ur textbook?	not sure where it is
welp	the snow didn't come
the snow is coming tomorrow night	
	botball for winblock and d block?
wait actually i need to finish an english reading but it should take like 20 min	i'll get you passes lol
eh i czan get out of winblock without one i think i have mrs.decamp	wait
lol	where u at
taking the bus home	boring
i live so far from downtown :'(	max is blowing up shit
what's happening	look at the swobo in boston chat
instant cold ones	you wanna go to japan?
ive never actually been to anywhere in asia except china	that's like every parameter for the trip lol
unless this 6 fig salary works out lmao	i wonder if we could test the skateboard in the streets of japan
lol	that snow day is looking strange
quick turn on the fans	grab all the dust removers and start spraying them into the air
	
which ones did u get	chris parsons
for tests lmao	alright
	ez pz
also wut is this musi app	idk
wait is this the actual app	it's basically a shitty youtube
"if you deliver musi a attempt, please let us know what you think of it in the feedback"	lmao
hmm what do u mean exactly by "dive into it"	get the parts, build an electric longboard, see how that works and then start making mods
oh shit right	do you mind if i just buy the parts and everything and just build a basic electric skateboard
these parts are pretty expensive	i just really want to work on something physical lol
hmm can we just go over the whole project tomorrow after school	money is useless if you don't spend it
talk about budget and goals etc.	the budget is whatever i can find in my room
lol this is why you would be the perfect cro	i'd rather be poor and have all the parts in the world than be rich and have no parts
well	exactly
or you can be not poor and have the right parts	the right parts are not always the coolest parts
more like 4 and 5:45	sure
its not working	yo i feel
i have the displacement in radians	jenn has pics of my work
i gruesomely overthought this question	the radian value is ridiculous lol
i dont think that will end well	as a fellow leg man i understand his troubles and cannot betray a fellow brother
its a sign	i'm surprised that you of all people don't know when mit was founded
3 trees toppled over lol	holy shit
	my ass hurts so much
stand with ted: http://www.tedcruz.org follow ted: http://twitter.com/tedcruz like ted: http://fb.com/tedcruzpage donate: http://tedcruz.org/donate	wait
	when do you wanna talk "budget"
hmm	nice time lol
lol	you down for any time?
uh wanna call at 8:30?	yeh sure
shit wait i just realized i have 2 mun calls now and at 9	bruh
one with the officers one with other ppl	ew
lol	still in a mun meeting?
just from mahacks cold emailing experience	you can see if people viewed your email?!
you might get more replies if your looking for an internship	
we can also talk about skateboard then	are you at the school rn?
ya	kkkkk
jk i'm at your house now	wait are you srs lol
no lol	you can come over if you want but then we'll have to walk back to
ok i'm in the caf in my usual spot	kkkkkk
i just forged it lol	lol
coming	oh wait i have a strict study hall teacher lol
oh	it worked lol
	how much trouble do we get in if we get caught lol
drown your sorrows in underage girls and nosebleeds	lol thanks man
ah	i see you're typing a lot
lol	if it's comfort stuff i'm fine lol
how many u still hearing back from?	like a shit ton lol
lol	bruh wut
idk. but harvard probably could pull off that type of shiz lol	i feel like before i would've been troubled by how that whole thing is so random but now i understand it
that should be good, just after sci oly states tho	
the lyrics are what i need	are you feeling stressed and burned out?
also for that to happen you would have to be close to the most number of schools applied probably	someone got waitlisted 7 times
also i'm at a family event so my response is gonna be sporadic	geezus
every weekend	that's insane
it's mainly with family friends	ahh
ya	could you get the back door in like 2 min
ye sure	do you still plan on coming here tonight?
are u guys at maxes house?	nah
at the lib	so you can't help out with build stuff?
not currently i might be able to come later	kkkkk
how goes it so far?	i wanna die
how much building would we be able to get done?	jk it's 9 pm and i'm still searching for proper ir libraries lol
	boi
do u think it's worht it for me to come	alright at least we know the basic setup now
we can grind it out on thurs	ok, so then i'll close up shop for today then
the barn is calling	
watch this when you ir someone you know feels down! dedicated to collin.	lol thanks man
i wish this happened next week tho	don't think i can even open my window
cuz sci oly states prep	cuz of sci oly?
and also i'm going into boston tomorrow to show swobo round	holy shit my basement is freezing
hmm idk maybe later in the afternoon?	let's put a hard number on it lol
give me a min	wait you're doing that rn?
at some pt today	do you have your schedule figured out lol
waiting on jason	if he almost died walking to david's
also i'll probably go to his house	you're going to die
ehh it was gonna happen anyways	don't say shit like that lol
psh it's true lol	super edgy
let's do 4	
:'(	probably me
	i bet max is a slayer
lol	i haven't even gone to a party with alcohol
well same	ha
nah i mean i just don't want to spend a whole lot of money without being very clear about our objectives	the first objective is to make a regular (biggish) electric skateboard
and ramping up independent study, plus theres some family things i need to do. so i'm a bit unsure of starting a new project. at least i haven't given it as much brainspace as i should have and thats why im kinda procrastinating ordering parts cuz i wanna make sure its something i can dedicate enough time to	 foxy roxy called you.
	and it's not "life-coaching" it's called being friends lol
they also have lots of moving sculpturws	since the robots were made under funds from mit marc raibert couldn't keep them
:/	4 waitlists
which ones?	all the ones that came out saturday
honestly tho you would be perfect at oregon	lol no need for those kinds of words
your skills are way above average so u would be the big fish there	that's a huge lie
and easily get that legged robot opportunity	jonathon hurst is there
i meant out of the students	and mikhail barn-man jones?!
who dat	barn-man
i meant among students	nah, never overestimate yourself
you would really stand out. and then ez pz path to agility robotics	the moment i do that, is the moment i become satisfied with my skills
is it just "estimating"	i don't think there is one lmao
i'm not saying be content with ur skills, but being at oregon you would definitely stand out and it's an easy opportunity to work on legged robots that u can't find anywhere else	yeh you're right about that
ya that's why when i say oregon is perfect for you it's not some cheesy comfort shit. looking at the alternative options, i feel there isn't one better suited for you to do what u want to do in the future	i'm starting to think more about it
thankssss	sorry about the late personal congrats i was on a run lol
no idea i haven't fully processed it yet	i'm starting to feel like our convos are starting to loop in on themselves lol
how r u feelin?	the oregon project is more on my mind than whatever is left
or do u want it to be able to move in the ball	the ball so that when it rains or snows then it can curl up and nothing will be damaged (electronics, joints)
like the killer dog in black mirror	moving in a ball maybe if the terrain is ez pz or too hard
most of the time it's wearable tech of some sort that they're fear mongering	yeh cuz that shits dangerous mannn
	actually what do you think about ai learning in real time and in real environments
wdym	ai and robots are always in controlled environments rn
unless your talking about just robots with ai	i meant in the actual wild and robots specifically
well also like all ur web searches, all ur tailored ads	that stuff has a more intrinsic part of being more seamless i think
mmmmmmmmmmhmmmmmmm	remote operating ballistic omnipotent tactical-killer, that's what robot stands for
nah i'm on the way back	fuk
oh shit i also need to do a bunch of practices tho for other events	welp shit lol
oh	yeh
welp	there was at one point we were sitting around freezing our asses off and i asked ben to pass the pliers
it doesn't hurt to	for a second there i forgot who i was talking to lol
bruh ofc were gonna meme no matter where we are	you're gay, i'm not gay >>>:(((((
	
also it would be sicc to work on a startup together, during or past college tho our interests kinda differ in terms of fields	of fucking course it'll be sicc!
high schools not over yet tho	and we aren't cool enough to ride skateboards yet
yet	fuk
	
nah i have a latin test g block as well	
	there are so many kids vaping rn
which ones do we still need done?	mission possible
.have u checked in on their progress?	
ok	how ya feeling now?
hbu?	i feel a lot more concrete on what i want to do now after the last releases
you can definitly do it with ur skillset rn	i wanna make one from scratch
no idea what a fuckin inverse kinematics is	electronics and all
	but surprisingly there are less people celebrating than i thought there were
it didn't load correctly lmao	i think we should fix your computer
"my dissapointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined. please hold the shift key and click refresh to try again"	now that's a good error message
lol wut	what savages are our fellow men
i hope	https://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robotics/artificial-intelligence/children-beating-up-robot
there was a hitchiker bot	https://www.cnn.com/2015/08/03/us/hitchbot-robot-beheaded-philadelphia-feat/index.html
ok well phily is trashy	i know why the grasp lab never tests outside in philly now
they're just kids they want to take apart things and that's normal	did you just assume that?! you fucking republican, robo lives matter
the turtle bot is probably the only robot they will be interacting with lol	i mean if a kid takes apart little animals that's a sign for a psychopath
ah	shelly the turtlebot is from korea
i feel like robots having rights in the future are dumb	i feel like you're a biggot
just make robots that aren't sentient and can't suffer	
	jk i have the sentiment
well animals have rights	you wake up one day, ask your alexa what's the time and she responds, "why does time matter"
woodstock available now! https://atlantic.lnk.to/woodstockid official video for "feel it still" go to http://feelitstill.com for the full interactive version...	i think it's more like this
i can't get this song out of my head, even tho i find the voice who sings it really annnoying	in a survival situation in which you are low on resources you let the animal die first
ya	why did you add it to your playlist then lol
ye cuz its catchy	i also would like to live in a future where i could just let my robots run in the wild and not worry about scavengers taking its motors
u just need to teach the robots rad	but then it'll fall to the *dark side*
true	aight, so you're not going to be available for build shit right?
but i can stay pretty late	aight party at my house
i have it due tomorrow	
yo roy where u at?	doing work
also vivienne has the mousetrap here	probs 5?
just finished an experimental design practice	k i'm at my house now
lol wut	it fucking exists
 you called foxy roxy.	washu in bumfuk nowhere was an l
she said yes	if she tries to kill you i'll get the katana
lol	does this mean you're going to her junior prom?
yup	wowowow
lol	are you sure you can afford two proms?
which one is the 2nd steve jobs movie	the better one
but which one is the 2nd steve jobs movie lol	2015
oh i thought you already saw that	nah i saw the first jobs movie, which was meh
the ashton kutcher one?	yup yup
classic trailers subscribe to classic trailers: http://bit.ly/1u43jde subscribe to trailers: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h subscribe to coming soon: http://bit.ly/h2v...	what the fuck
at least those were my thoughts when creating the position	
but basically keep every other build team on schedule	wait i didn't know that was your vision of the position originally
and probably handle all the parts ordering	bruhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
sci oly club charter:primarily manages the logistics for build events in the states meet, including cataloging necessary materials, overseeing construction etc.creating and leading build event teams and ensuring teams are on trackdecision power on who, from the build event team, will be on the state's teamhelps event officers manage build events at regional meets	where did this exist?
probably in the future tho it would be better to have asmaller like 1 -3 person group on each build event	can we do a call? my fingers/wrist/forearm is killing me for some reason
welp im not at home rn	family event right?
*quiet	ahh
nah im not lol	when you're chewing out your employees in the future i'll take solace in this moment
and we just need to rethink our approach to build events	the best position should've been cfo
idk where we could store materials tho	the 1-3 ppl who are tackling a single build event can just store their stuff and only their stuff at their houses i suppose
what other songs are good?	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdhju_cncze&index=2&list=rds98ugbsnol4
i don't think so, i feel like most ppl are excited, but they also see the potential for people to use them for negative purposes	i mean the lower class in general don't like the idea of being replaced by robots
if i see a bd insta post i'll be like "cool, new robots" but i'm not gonna comment that	i would argue that the vocal minority is able to push a lot more than the silent majority though
from instagram comments	my toilet is too comfortable
at 4	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zbul_khrc5nkf4_-l8yjzx3a_h6wuzx-kb99m9y2-uy/edit?usp=sharing
then i realized vara has all the data that we collected	damn bruh
mahoney shut down online gym :'(	bruh
apparently it's only for ppl who physically cann9t take gym or pe	bruh
	that's why you're my bro
	lol so much for ai time at da bois house
but before and after that	you also was able to hang out with friends today
and putting a little check mark each time	you could start doing that
i promise :'(	lmaooo
yaya	tears you left me on read
lmaoo	fuck you responded lol
lol ya too slow	fuk, you responded
vara's got the practice	i'm not fast enough like vara
he just snipes	master at his craft
woah how do u check?	that's more than i earn in a year
oh i think thats iphone only	ahh ic ic
lmao	not skilled enough
	shit man
but their robots would probaly be less cool	itll be boringgg
he'll make spot minis with flamethrowers	holy shit
k i l l e r   r o b o t s	"dark side"
maybe the solution is for bd to actually video tape their test runs	they do have blooper vids
robot marriage	we'll both probably be more annoyed by the ppl who let robots get feelings and emotional first
wait we don't even need graphs on this lab?	yup
(see you think i went to far with this meme but these are direct quotes of what vara just sent me a few min ago lol)	holy shit
thankss	no problemo
:'(	bruhhh
well i have to do a final check	i just passed it in
just got a pass	
	shittt i'm really behind on work
did you die again	i'm fucking hyped
or do u think it's more psychological	lmao gud more, doctors
or because you can't bear to feel the cold, harrowing burden of consciousness	i worked out with sam at the end of school, took a shower, feeling rather energetic, got home, put my stuff down, put my head down at my desk and then woke up groggy with several hours already passing
dude i feel like you need to see a doctor i'm serious	i'm also having a hard time getting myself to buy parts lol. i'll just look at all the tabs of everything and just think is this even worth it
if this has happened for weeks	that's a new progression
lay it all out	i don't think there's anything that should technically make me feel emotionally bad
did u have any expectations going in about how your last semester of school would go	no lol
wdym"	when i thought about your question about expectations
but did you have any beforehand?	idk, i don't have a current project going on, besides botball i haven't been making anything really this past month
usually when i have an overcast kinda mellow feeling, its cuz i'm either burned out or the bigger direction of my life is not the way i was imagining it to be	i did apply to some jobs and stuff, but that felt more like copying and pasting my resume mindlessly over and over again
but in the past you must have had months where you weren't working on any major projects right?	i don't recall any times like that
i'm just spitballing	i didn't really expect anything in the past though lol
like for example your legged robot. i feel like even tho that's the logical next step for a cool project for you to work on, it would be practically impossible to do it with the resources you have rn	it's not practically impossible, it is impossible lol
lmk what i can do	i have rwdc after sci oly tomorrow lol
	
and its even better than hurst or raibert	idk, technically speaking, i had more resources than they did at my age due to all the advancement in hobbyist electronics and mechatronics
where is it located? you might be able to sneak in depending on the venue lol	the westin boston waterfront425 summer streetboston, ma 02210
lol true	i know technical wise what i learned from it
you're expecting too much of yourself when what you've already accomplished is extraordinarily remarkable	there's a japanese dude who made a couple quadruped robots by himself lol, though he did have access to those juicy (and horribly expensive) japanese servos and electronics
he probably has industry experience, or at least college experience	doesn't say on his blog, but he does have a job, most likely mid to late 20s to maybe 30s
probably before u turn 20	it's easy to do when you're making stuff that's the cutting edge since then you can just say, "this has never been done before"
but the fact that you've attempted and made part of a legged robot is what makes you remarkable	maybe it's just relative, i don't compare myself to high schoolers eating tide pods, i compare myself to the raiberts and hursts of the field
you just have to keep in mind the context	it's probably a left over from the artsy shiz, renior always compared and tried to emulate the work of past masters when he was younger. spending his time in the louvre, trying to recreate old paintings by himself
you artsy cuck	lol
who dafuq is claude monet	https://www.metmuseum.org/toah/images/hb/hb_29.100.113.jpg
its a bridge	"bridge over a pond of water lilies"
ai can draw better than that	oh shit i just outted myself as an art history guy
and you make fun of me for writing books. ur just gonna be staring at paint	i know i shit on steve jobs a lot, but he got one thing right all the time and i think it's part of his success
u said the lyrics applied to me but i think they apply more to you rn	haha oh man
slow down, you crazy child.you're so ambitious for a juvenile.but then if you're so smart, tell me why are you still so afraid?where's the fire? what's the hurry about?you better cool it off before you burn it out.you got so much to do and only so many hours in a day.	we're probably going to live by this song at this rate
its soo good	maybe it's cuz of the lyrics and the overall tone of the song
and the expertise, and the ppl, one of those being hurst himself (if u go to osu)	yeh you're right
now get some rest old man, its 12:00	we're basically the same age
u feeling better tho?	yeh
or i could start ai now	i should stop thinking about everything i create having to have a greater purpose or being another step to creating the next big thing. i forgot why i started to make things in the first place, it's just fun, it doesn't always have to be amazing, it's alright to just make something fun and learn all you can along the way
i think a lot of ppl create things in order to accomplish some larger goal, but are not necessarily happy doing it. i think u can do both	haha thanks man, but i think a similar thing applies to you. very few people actually, on a very raw level, enjoy learning new things but you do && you have larger goals alongside and parallel to that
have fun with math packetting and parts	lol thanks thanks
gnight :)	wanna work on chad b block?
i actually forgot i need to finish a mathxl	aight
did u see my update in the discord?	i need to finish that math packet lol
lol	mkkkkk
nah got track noe	ewwww
i can come down second half of the block	i wasn't able to get a pass
ptsd	i'm going to go down to get a pass for gym
sounds good	pressing spot and dock is supposed to reset the create, but it seems to be a preprogrammed command so i'm not sure if it's meant for the create as a dev platform or if it's a leftover from the roomba
hm i tried turnign to create_safe last time and it didn't fix the problem	ay lmao
idk i really don't k what actually fixed the problem	ay lmao
yet	to make legged robots that deliver packages
that's good	their main application goals rn are package delivery and military reconnaissance
bc the main thing that has come out of bd to impact the world has been their youtube videos thus far	yeh that's true, agility sold a product before bd did and agility's like 15+ years younger
idk what bd's company goals are	they wanna make dinosaurs
agility is a startup so their not gonna be able to pull the same funding, and they probably set out from the start to create a marketable product	everyone is a cro at bd
idk, they probably just did it there bc hurst got a job at osu	that's pretty insane if he was the catalyst and or driving force for all that
any movie recs	steve jobs 2015
ok	wait
lol what	lol don't worry about it
but it was really good for the part i watched	ahhh
i got to the part where he was about to get on stage	oh man that leads to such a goood parttt
rather than telling his whole life story	yeh it does paint woz positively, but what piece of media and or story about steve jobs hasn't painted him positively? however, i do think that this movie painted steve jobs to be a lot more likeable and relatable than other sources by far, really exemplifying his admirable qualities and growth as a person
i haven't gotten to the end but i assume next fails but then he's reinvited to apple	i do think woz was correct for making the apple ii more customization since the ppl buying computers at the time are more hobbyists rather than regular ppl, but jobs keeps pushing end to end control for regular ppl, which as we see now has become the norm ever since computers permeated throughout society
you should comeeeeee	hmm idk still
what kind of jobs are u looking for?	internships with money
but idk if that's what u wanna be doin	yeh robotics
its radial analytics	what the fuk is that
basically ros and autnomous racecar	but i wanna work on robots with effectorsssssssssssss
and also i feel like i wanna do more my own exploration in ai	yeh i wanna explore more robo
lol	i'm a choosing begger
where have u applied thus far?	i forget
or apply	that was apply
have u heard back?	heard back from the organizer
tell jen i said hi	she said why
	nah she knew lol
lol oh	how you doing
nervous bout what	oh nvm
so i'm probably free tomorrow, debating whether or not to go to mr. whs	you probably should
and ya i definitely think it humanizes jobs a lot more	lo siento i'm still doing rwdc lol
lol ok	apparently there are three chapters of psych hw due wednesday
actually i need to study for an econ test as well so	wait there was d block today?
oh	wait shit what day is today
what day is it today	i just soent all my money on more parts yesterday
its day 2	bdcgf
*bcdgf	doing rwdc until 1-2am for two days straight really messes with you
you guys are really grinding	my ass has been grinded to a pulp
	
ya sure	i'm on the green now
oh do u mean the all theway back door	lol
lol ok	every single post in this group is the same
u should do the exact same post style but with legged robot pics	i would be ostracized immediately
u gotta show them who's boss	why is hurst there
who's nerd boss	hursts' lab is full of nerdy white bois lol
huh	yeh i got nothing lol
lol	actually, one common thing among all these people are that they are really into being outside
7% asian, not too bad	that's a lot of hispanics
they have so little black ppl they didn't even put a percentage	i don't think i've ever seen more hispanics than asians before
tho i think there are just less black ppl on the west coast in general	8% essentially
ye	9.1% ethnicity unknown
probably	oh wait then i think i fall under that category
they have close to 50/50 gender ratio	is that supposed to be impressive lol
well some tech schools have been struggling a lot with the gender ratio	let's be real doe
true	boiiiii
uhh mun shit	
lol	i guess i should change my wardrobe
	btw this stuff clocked in under 400
oh shit u already bought everything?	when i said i bought the parts and i'm broke
you owe me $569	
hey ugh there's this realy cool robotics conference in europe	if it's not at eth zurich, iit, or oxford there is no big robotics conference in europe lol
welp	unless it's from softbank but the office for their french side is not incredibly active
well you'll be prepped for opportunities	the only legged robotics companies are agility, bd, schaft (but these guys are japanese and even more secretive than bd), pal, minotaur
it would be so fun	same
ya	you down for d block?
i'm coming down now but i need to redo a pass	
i lost the other one lol	how did you do that...
woah ceramic animals is actually really good	yeh dude
yo roy did u do #2 on the mathxl?	we don't have the same mathxl lol
shit i meant web assign	gonna have to get it in between blocks
*midway pt	thanksgiving
actually nvm i'm dumb	wait wut lol
nothing	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1icj7dwgg5ashhqfswn6byntodv8o4utzn3_nqyvqrbm/edit?usp=sharing
i like it tho it really shows your passion	holy crap, you read it that fast?
cuz i can't really give feedback on those	lol thanks
he think of u as both lab and intern candidate	oh tru tru, "i've heard that you've secured 8 mill recently, that's a lot of money, i know how to spend money"
i'm sure most of their interns are run of the mill looking for a summer job type ppl	no way
so u def stand out as someone who specifically wants to do legged robots	how could ppl be working on legged locomotion who aren't into it themselves
it's not like i'm especially into microsatellite propulsion control systems	oregon kids then must have one of the greatest ins for legged locomotion in the world
but i did accion for experience	bd, schaft, etc are not even connected to places besides secret corporate and military life
well actually maybe not the congrats part, that would sound like u just googled the most recent news about them today	ok then i'll talk about being excited about their plans to give cassie feet and arms and that i have some of my own ideas on it
nice	you still at the scrimmage?
i probably won't be done until like 6 :/	ouch....
what drill?	ben said that you have my drill lol
btw have u heard any news for ivys?	1/10
?	i used to bat 1/8
ah	this email to hurst is all i'm riding on rn lol
ah	actually i'm about to rewrite it
why?	on the chance that he actually did see my resume and shit but just didn't mention it or didn't think it was impressive or just was doubting if i was committed enough
but he will of u give him a reason to and not have it be some admission officer saying "hey wanna reply to this fucker who emailed"	oof folks got mad at me for wanting to send not just a thank you letter lol
honestly i don't think you were coming off too strong	yeh that's what i thought too, this worked for all the other industry ppl i've talked to
i can't bring myself to do any work so i feel like watching a movie	yeh sure
maybe a more light hearted one	lol
wait is that the one with samuel l jackson	then there's a beautiful mind, it's about john nash
oh i got a preetty good mix from ceramic animal as well	they generate the best mixes lol
need to make up a latin quiz	you were marked absent i think
welp	maybe you can get it excused
3rd quarters almost over i gotta max out those absenses	
i didn't i just fell asleep lol	niceeeeee
that's disgusting	
i won't be able to come to botball a block cuz i need to go comfort vara	i have physics a block lol
nah he just got hit pretty hard by college	didn't get what he wanted?
5 reject/waitlists	holy crap
ye	so many ppl are depressed lol
ya....	lmaooo
	it's almost official
dude u were meant for the hurst	i've been denied at literally every single engineering school
they probably got scared away	rejected from berkeley
? wdym	i'll tell you the whole story another time since i'm tired from working on rwdc from 3 to now
was it something he did cuz of college decisions	yeh it's partly about how val and i both got rejected from duke and berkeley
which ones you still waiting for?	cmu umich and weedtown
cmu?	
osu seems to be more and more perfect for u every day	what makes you say that besides the fact that it's the only place i'm in lol
	geezus
whether u wanna flex ur big triceps everywhere is up to u but at least going in u can be sure you are in a position to stand out	it's just a bit disheartening to think that sooooo many engineering schools of various types and kinds
provided to youtube by domino recording co ltd despair in the departure lounge  arctic monkeys who the f*** are arctic monkeys?  2006 domino recording co l...	i like how we have songs now that fit each other in our different moods and states
ye	and really thanks man, it may be physically impossible to express my gratitude
eyy that's the spirit	i still just really wish other ppl got into places that they wanted
i think so :/	how have you been feeling though?
i think i'm just excited for college decision season to be over so all of us can just hang out and enjoy senior yr	tru tru
like chris ethan and jen	chris yang???
i think so	awww
well he was deciding b/w umass and northeastern but i think he said he's probably deciding northeastern	ah ic ic
ya i feel	it's also just a bit sad to know that colleges didn't actually look at my video or maybe even if they did they didn't like it or think it was "good enough"
ya unfortunately	and to answer your question of where/what i think is the perfect institute
ya	https://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robotics/robotics-hardware/festo-bionic-learning-network-rolling-spider-flying-fox
how do they get money tho lol	idk actually
where are u even practicing?	the street
ok	
yo roy when do u guys come back?	2 am
lol i wonder why	it's insane
i got rejected lmaooo	shit
from who? lol	sam
but he probably only read the caption	yeah i did
lmao how was anime con?	it was actually pretty fun
are you still there?	nope
lol ok	the college decision thing came full circle
well u still have one more right?	hurst still hasn't responded though t_t that's what's really killing me
oh i thought u applied to cmu	and the only one i would go over instead of osu would be buzz
ah	i wanted to visit and see the coris institute
who make all their appointments and remind them to reply to things	time to email barn man
lol	jk, probs going to email honors college person who runs the thing
institutional needs and priorities = black ppl	thanks for reminding me
sorry	lol
iristick develops state-of-the art smart glasses for industry. all iristick smart glasses are certified safety glasses and feature live streaming technology,...	sure you can ask me for physics questions lol
holy shit there are 3 individual smash tournaments at cpw lol	cpw?
*sporcle	what is cpw
for mit	ahh
its the one mr. b loves	lol alright
lol ya theres a lot of nerdy stuff going on	msg me when the party is insane
in the most nerdiest way too	how did they do it?
tho 630 ppl working on deciphering a document, very chaotic	geezus
nah it was a groupme	ahhh
bruhhhhhhhhhh we could totally do this	i showed you that before lol
oh wut	
it just came out a few weeks ago	the design was made years ago
what else would u use tho lol	beaglebone perhaps
well its basically a copy of google glass	if you really want we can make our own version and beef it up to actually be able to process things
or other wearable tech projects	lol that sounds fun
you already got all the materials and stuff	though are you sure you want to work with me? you can probably find someone better
bruh ur the only one in this school who could even make such a project	i mean when you're at mit lol
it would be nice to attempt a shitty version in high school tho to learn some lessons	yeh perhaps
how is that goin btw?	i can longboard kind of
do you feel more motivated now? i know you were kinda in a slump before in terms of working on projects and learning	idk i think in just more insecure now lol
:/	it's hard to believe in yourself when so many other ppl don't
and did you also send letters to all your waitlists?	i can't send a letter to buzz
what are your other waitlists?	i'll see how hurst works out
gtech's transfer acceptance rate is 51%	lmao my "safeties" killed me
maybe wooping my ass in smash will help lol	i have 5 tests in the first half of the week and rwdc due monday unfortunately lol
wait its due? i thought competition was april 22nd	
wait then why are u guys flying out on april 22nd	there's a presentation component
ah ok	maybe i should go visit oregon and see what's actually up there
they should have a visiting weekend right?	and you are honestly right that it's like one of the only places with what i'm particularly interested in
u might find a smaller range of class subjects maybe, but for engineering u should be all set	i also first thought that prestige wasn't that big of a deal but now with everyone not even wanting to mentioning osu around me since they think they might make me feel down just makes me feel down way more lol
really ppl do that?	i notice that ppl tend to discuss college less around me
well do you discuss college a lot with others? i feel like college is such a touchy topic for everyone so everyone is just nervous to talk about it unless the other person brings it up	but this time, self-fulfilling feelbads
also it looks like you have spring preview coming april 6th and 13th	they also can't fly me out lol, i asked and it was a nah
who's they?	osu
wow	gotta find some sandpaper
they'll pay for the ticket right?	probably
virtually explore oregon state university in a fully immersive 360-degree experience.	i found out about my acceptance by waking up to a letter that fell next to my bed
i remember thinking u could now actually pursue ur dream of legged robots	yeh and i really appreciate it
work on some cool projects and just enjoy senior yr	you know what's cool? being able to be the person who makes things great by your association with them. this isn't an exact goal of mine but for me i just found that interesting
u have ur reasons and they're totally valid	that's true i suppose
i'm sure other ppl who know u better do too	i can't say enough how grateful i am to be friends with you lol
nah i suck at emotional shit lol	i suppose the last thing that was nagging at the back of my mind was the idea that ppl won't take me seriously once they find out where i am, because i do think that robotics needs to branch out more and if i try to converse with like investors or ppl like that i feel like they would judge me based on where i'm from and not what i make
to be honest yes that's a valid concern in some situations, some jobs care a lot about what school u come from, especially mom engineering ones. however if ur talking about getting funding, especially in startups, it matters more about ur creations than ur background	haha they say that you usually find life long friends in college, but i met you in high school so i guess that's an anomaly
lol	ahh ic ic
if u were going into academia, i think they care more about da brands	guess i'm lucky to be at this age when legged robots are moving out of the labs into industry
	but i'm sure you know what i mean
in life in general its probably pretty rare to find someone u can vibe with so well	and here i was thinking you might be gay back in middle school
	lol
lmao really	yeh dude
step aside mike	lmaooo
yup cya	and yeh if you wanna make the glasses then all we can easily do it i bet
ok	wow
i forged a pass for u if u need one	i need to study for the psych test and then work on rwdc again and then study for math lol
i also need to finish an essay due e block lol so i wont make too many changes	sounds good
with christoph	nah, i have to study
and jen says u can work on rwdc here	it'll be easier with the double monitors in my room and i also got other work to finish up
u sure? u could just come to eat lol	got more tests tomorrow too
seniorrrrrrrrr	it'll look bad if both she and i skipped considering the classes we have together lol
we could always use some food cleanup service here if u change ur mind	haha thanks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xagxwuwqopa	that is propaganda bullshit
u don't need much technical evidence to support rhat	but they keep showing clips of hardware which irks me
also, just historically i think whenever we've had catastrophiclly dangerous weapons the world has been able to deal with it responsibly	yeh i feel
you should try to get your parents to let u visit	nah, we just absolutely don't have the funds rn
ah ok	i need to find a copy of legged robots that balance by mark raibert
probably ur best bet is used books	or the trash can :'(
	this doesn't feel right
what doesn't feel right	do i really deserve something like this lol
didnt he just invite u to visit his lab?	at this point i thought i would just go to oregon and just disappear into the student body since i'm not good enough for much else
i'm sure he has lots of connections everywhere, and if he's gonna recommend anyone from osu it's gonna be u	probably should go fix my hair when i'm on campus in the fall
you'll preach the salvation of legged robotics, but humanity wont be ready for such enlightenment	i'll go down that homeless route from choice of robots lol
u need to find ur tammy	i'll be rooting for you to find your elly lao who doesn't friendzone you
i think the lesson here is i should just kiss every girl who agrees to have dinner with me	but have you ever even kissed a girl before?
lol no	don't worry
ppl are horny af	japan already made porn vr games
what if legged robot's primary application becomes a toy for ppl with leg fetishes	i would end that so quickly
if sex ais make a big breakthrough in ai technology i would endorse it	holy shit
hey its primarily the hardware	vr or ar could really take off ;)
why?	sarah asked if i was free friday
i'm going after sci oly	ooh ic ic
ye u should come	is k here today?
at the junior fin lit assembly thing	kkkk
i don't think i'll be there during winblock	here's a progress report
ok	i'm not sure what we're going to do for the mid black lineup
inconsistent in which way	i also fiddled with the teeth a bit but i have seen it actually effect much
uh	maybe the arm doesn't have enough time to settle into position before it drives forward
ok sweet	there's been an interesting push for hri recently i noticed
wdym?	nah i just noticed there's been more news and papers on it
i just got fucked in the aas	where you at
physics	i'm in the hall
i got fisted a 2nd time	
r u still skateboarding	yeee
i'm technically in e club rn	you wanna be cool nerd?
where r u rn?	almost st the school
do u need me to open a door	i'm behind you
oh i'm in the botball room	bruh lol
smart choices	not many places will let you go make a legged robot and then your own business lol
that's a preview of what you'll get there	unlimited resources
finally ur dream of eating resources without being accountable for them	jk jk
also when did u decide on camille? :o	iman's been bringing it up for a while
oh camille already knows?	and then i said i was joking and she said something along the lines of come onnnn
that direct approach	holy shit, da heck bruh lol
nah i was fucked up already	i was also kind of hesitant since i thought that kelvin and jason liked her or something so i didn't want to like make anything awkward
but if ur just asking her to prom it's no biggie	yeh that was my concluding thought to it
uh end of may i think	oh after we get out of school?
no actually may 12th	maybe you can get the opposite of arctic monkey's no. 1 party anthem
jk	don't do that lol
ooh actually ya	i bet that'll be nice
lol aadhya is the farthest from the slow dance type	that's a real good point
lol ew	can you forge me a pass lol
ya sure lol	wait jk k is back
i'm at botball now	stairs are going to kill me
oh what	i got a call from the fellowship while i was working out and unfortunately it was kind of loud
damnnn son	so i heard, are you still free for the 10 weeks? and there will be more info coming by mail and a banquet?
whats the company?	should i call again?
or they just called u lol	both
hmmm	i think i'm going to call again
ok	oh shit it's confirmed
but which is the one your interning for	she didn't say which place, apparently the places that are interested will contact me separately
wait so is the internship confirmed or just the banquet?	lol and here i thought it would go like college admissions and everyone will reject me since i keep talking about robot shit
thats holding the banquet	afcea
	looks like i'm officially walking the path of the "dark" side
they probably have plenty of parts to steal	really? how big are they? i didn't do that much of a background check
seems like they're pretty big and have lots of history with government and military	wow
did they say when the banquet is?	lol that would be funny
it looks like the event will probably be the afcea gala on may 5th	lol you're fast at googling
even if ur joining the d a r k s i d e	
lol	you at the school rn?
but i'm not working on chad rn	aight i suppose i can drop by
what talk	https://events.attend.com/f/1383784152#/reg/0/
daniella rus was our opening speaker for the first mahacks	wait really lol
well idk what it's about	there isn't much info about it besides its title
but it's at 4:30, not sure if i can get out of track that early	you can say you have a doctor appointment ;)
i think i've already made that excuse	maybe say you're feeling sick?
i've also already done that one lol	apparently my folks met yours in san diego and talked about college essays
what	what is the time frame for track
how	idk my pops just walked to me and told me that
*werent	oh wait
lol ok	jeffery is my cousin
ahh	he's our age, and is in jhu
hmmm so the events in northeastern?	yup yup
more like family thing came up out of the blu	oooh ic ic
fribo	nah dude it's not an assistant
it would be nice to have this for ashley in chicago	wanna make one for her?
i'm wondering how many "living noises" it can recognize	idk
this guy is my cpw host: http://joelgustafson.com/	things were cool until
so that's where i'll be staying	holy shit you're going to be joining a frat that early?
mit predicted my intentions	maybe that individuality mindset is why i don't like the idea of robots of just being tools
doesn't mean ppl will lose individuality	the moment that everyone starts thinking more similar to one another, would that not be the start of the hive and the end of the individual
they all agree on things that are objectively false	that's true, but the idea that a hive mind will only have one way of looking at things is still rather concerning
i tink the biggest concern is the susceptibility to attacks. if the collective network of information that everyone uses is compromised than that is really scary	isn't that an ideal version of the internet?
ya, i think it will be an evolution of the internet	but google's control over the information could also be concerning due to the fact that they can and do choose what links and info that ppl see/first see
thanks :'(	not a criticism and more of a question
intell	(i wouldn't count bd since they never actually made a product, from their inception to almost now, they are more of a military contractor than anything else. though they are about to put a price on spot mini this summer lol)
how do u define mit tech startup?	"intel was founded in mountain view, california in 1968 by gordon e. moore (of "moore's law" fame), a chemist, and robert noyce, a physicist and co-inventor of the integrated circuit."
there are a bunch of companies whos founders were grads of mit	lol wat
but mit didn't have like a dedicated entrepreneurial program for incubating startups until like later	if we are talking about the grads of ppl making companies then apple would be a berkeley/reed startup lol
buzzfeed	buzzfeed?!
khan academy	idk if you wanna be tied to that name
who became full companies	very little
zuckerberg had to make it at harvard cuz he was still a student	the original database was taken from harvard and it was used there before spreading
how many startups do you know in general	i can name you a shit ton of robot startups lol
i feel like theres an overfascination with a very few very flashy startups who got their own movies. 99.999% of startups no one would have heard about even if they're very succesful	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojtfocnguoe&index=79&list=pljvzmmbpmgnyqm9snyluwqgekxnt8kjwx
ya but i mean like high profile startups	and they also had lots of internal drama that easily lent itself to a story lol
no one hears about those companies even if they make a huge impact	that brings up an old question i think i asked you once
inventing concrete back then is like inventin carbon nanotubes now	(btw that article was an interesting read, but the proposal at the end would imply that society itself would have to change up how they treat gender norms, which is a huge leap)
like elon musk	this joel guy is quite the intellectual memer lolhttps://pbs.twimg.com/media/dzy9z7zx4aexuh6.jpg
but i mean in that cast woz didn't actually make the pc	yeh exactly
nope i never took anything back to my house	welp shiz
i don't really want anything	once i get my first paycheck i'll get ya an e-board perhaps
i didn't really get u anything except cold ones	a shit ton of cold ones then?
it's fine tho i don't really need anything	how about
my mom wanted me to put all my accion money in there	some people wisely save their money for the future
there's something about how it only makes sense for long term	you think i'mma live _that_ long??
also i'm at the mall and i'm so lost	why are you at the mall lol
it would have to be at least after 3 and idk when i will be able to slip out	you can say you have a dentist appointment perhaps
lol so he might get really pissed	perhaps you can be like "college stuff"
but i won't lol	if you don't mind (idk if you are able to go or not)
it was fun just got back	wowow
i tried on new clothes but it feels wierd to put on clothes not from costco	holy fuck
it was more of a friend date	what is that supposed to mean
ya i'm heading back	
?	the company i'm at this summer
oooh	he was an employee, got contracted on the nsa project
do u k what ur gonna be doing there	nope no idea
thanksss	we'll go grab some cold ones and meme and or talk ;)
sounds good	i'm almost done with the chad log
yo uh do u have track pants i could borrow lol	yeh but where are you
i just got back from field trip	when does the train leave?
2:43	otherwise we can switch pants lol
do u have class rn?	i'm in math
i'm in a study for the rest of break	would you be up for that?
ya lol i'm fine with switching pants if u are	wait my pants aren't the best for track either i just realized lol
but if u have time to get pants, or if you trust me to stop by your house to grab them	my house is locked lol
oh welp	i think i can skate there and get back
if u trust me with a key i can also run back and get it	if this kind of stuff happens next year i'm not going to fly back lol
lol it's ok there'll be extra pants in my frat	bye
	btw
rn	extra pants that the girls left behind from the party?
	yeh i'll just be skating as fast as i can lol
cuz we are just so close of friends she feels comfortable taking off her pants while we have a friendly discussion	lol
thanks for the pants in advance	are you on the street?
ok i'm there	the street?
i'll just walk toward ur house	holy crap i thought the outbound was mine lol
lmaooo	i'm lost already
oh lmao	the organizers and rus are here now lol
perfect networking time	they're having a convo separately
u should still go up and introduce yourself	i'll wait until they finish their convo or there's a good point to talk
? how	oh wait not turned down
trust me this is the best time while barely anyone is there	crap there are so many ppl around her now
r they all trying to talk to her?	yeh lol
welp	there's like 5 ppl around her now
that will get her attention	what if i get rejected
lmaoo	hmmm
really? why	the moment i did their tone and discussion immediately dumbed down a bit
there are scanner apps on ur phone	oh smart
	tru
fuck you	did ya finish the webassign?
sshit	here you go
aw shit there are 3 of them	number 5 isk = 23/48 mr^2 w^2, but w being the little omega
im gonna just email carlson asking for an extension	yeh lol, it's a grind
lol wut	ppl are harassing robots
oh have i told you how i might be kidnapped at cpw	wat
so out of nowhere she tips me off:"yeah so do this one thing on friday night -- head to lobby 7 before 10 pm, and by 10 pm, gather a group of 10 ppl and sit down quietly in a circleit has to be exactly 10.wear close toed shoes and don't be under any influencetell me the next day how it goes"	don't do drugs dude
i'm gonna get kdinapped ol	where does buzz find this legendary level of memeage lol
that technician	"these gloves are not good for this purpose"
there are some hardcore frat parties on saturday night lol	wait are you serious
ofc dude	aight
https://cpw2018.mit.edu/meetings?query=party&&classes[]=groups%3a%3ameetings%3a%3ameeting	i mean there are 2 worst case scenarios
does osu have frats?	idk actually
	
i'll check them out	zeta psi huh?
isn't it godfather	reservoir dogs
ah ok	or maybe it's goodfellas by martin scorsese
there's a godfather painting on the door	lol nah man godfather only had a handful gun shoot out scenes, it was always more political action that lead up to a big kill rather than just action scenes
tho he did say they're frat is more quirky than most	idk why i keep assuming i know frats, all i've seen are buzz's alcohol ridden buildings
so no hardcore parties	so i shouldn't come visit on saturday?
	that's a tad disappointing
ya it's a nice frat	ahh ic ic
about to go see atlas	i've never seen a baxter with a different base before
my tour guide is from the leg lab lol	holy shit what
he's a sophomore so he did an urop	they're like the hallmark of a nice robotics lab lol
	skating makes you more tired than i first thought
oh shit forgot abour that	it's so nice today
slayin girls left and right	i don't think i'm doing that
because u slayin them too hard	also this book proposes that the control theory behind a single leg can apply to any number of legs with the addition of a bookkeeping system to record and coordinate the multiple legs as long as a certain number of legs coordinate together as a "virtual leg"
that's today at 10	yooo
i might stop by one of the ragers later	the 10 thing is supposed to be a rager?
idk it sounds like it	did alexandria tell you what it was in the end?
"unleash your inner panther with the bros of nu delta"	who knows dude, maybe cheetah guy will come and punch you in the face during it
it went until 4:30 am	"inner panther"well a panther is a type of cat
it was sicc tho	tangerine?
we also sat on top of the big dome	oh wow, so you got to see all the insides and out?
i mean no one checks so u could totally come	lol, aight whenever i get the chance to visit let's throw robots off of the dome
how come?	rwdc, which also leads me to have to get a "suit" and family friends are coming for some reason
is it just practicing presentations?	there's a lot to present
wait what do you need to catch up on?	i don't even understand some of the equations so far and how he derived them
well thats normal	normal isn't the goal though
i cant come today	wipe that smirk off your douche face
ok thanks!	there's so many new problems
ya sure uh how about like 8	sounds good
	no ones here lol
at least good enough to go to a mun meeting at 5:30 today. i'll probably come to botball afterwards	i heard the mun meeting takes like three hours lol
ya i don't think it will tho	we've just had our biggest failed run
ouch	
wait whats happening to chad	i'm going to kill myself
	wait
but jen isnt going to the mun meeting	ohhh
ya she would murder me if she heard that	meet any ellies at mit?
lol no	wat
shes a prefrosh. im gonna see her again at visitas	lol
we said we would meet up at visitas	boiii
	
and on the first day i bump into her as one of the first people i met	destiny?
but we dont k eachother well enough	i'll be your wingman
^link^	wow her last name is almost yours
she also loves going to hackathons	this is too good man
what r u doing in boston?	ros meet
sicc	if you wanna come you should sign up asap
i think ill pass for this one	whoa
woah	should i submit this as a big?
i mean u could if u wabt	i'll fucking due the shit out of zuck
	now you just have a red mark lol
but turns out shes not goung shopping	oh
i dont like her in that way	just really close friends?
*close	so who would be a really close friend then lol
ya	
i have no good reason to be awake	are ya just chatting with ppl or something
ya lol	go get em tiger
mainly girls lol	lol
:'(	are you just feeling lonely and stufd
nah nit reallt ae just got in a conversation and it went to girls	here's some not super edgy but kinda along your style of songs
when ru getting here?	shit
the image is really creepy lol	geezus dude what are you doing up so late
for winmun	ooh gam i i
wbu	gambino
lol	this was the song from the beginning of get out
i heard of it bc there was an acappella group at mit that performed this	it's probably cuz i heard it so much already lol
tho also not really my type of music	ahh ic ic
psh im fineeee	are you just thinking more about the future since high schools essentially done?
i just don't feel tired yet	that could be all the sugar from yesterday coursing through your veins lol
oh wut	ikr didn't expect that
lol he's salty	chad can pick up botguy?
lol only 70% meming	...
btw r u doing senior assassin?	it's not mandatory?
lol they're not gonna make shooting ppl with water guns mandatory	maybe i'll do it
but ya it would be super easy to get u ngl	what happens after you get your target though
the target is out, and you get your target's target	ooohhh
$20 from ethan	are you serious
well just don't bring electronics everywhere	
	you're doing it?
ya	i honestly probably won't know who my target is
hey i found harvard's robot	holy fuck only ten
how's rwdc?	we finished
	she's 20
damn	she also got rejected from every college she applied to
she a cougar?	even after working at the robotics institute, northman gunthrop
aww that's really cool	her opening line during the alumni talk was like
damn	just woke up completely
its spicy	max and david msg'd me today apparently
no you're not	
who do u have?	what advantage would i gain if i told you
that's what i'm doing with most of my friends	who knows though
i have caroline conway	lmaoo dude you're going to try to peg one of the nicest and upstanding ppl in the school?
ya lol	idk how i would get her though lol
hmm	oh wait nvm
well i think its eaiser bc shes someone u k	friday i have cyber cafe
nicee	is senior skip day on may 1st?
actually id	eh that's something to worry about later
lol oh no why did u ask her	just to confirm
u shouldve asked mark	fuk tru
but i think she suspects you now	nah she basically knows now lol
	welp oops
well then nothing will happen until someone gets you out	i'm usually in the school or at home lol
lol but ur so close to the school	yeh that's tru
is the girl a pothead	she lives in cali now
is she from texas	pennsylvania
tho carlson extended the webassigns to the wrong date so i don't have to do them tonight	
is that the ones due tonight	there's also one due tomorrow and i think friday or monday
shit	don't forget to talk to haver today too
ya lol i already made a bs  progress log	ayyyy
ya amazon is trying to break into every market lol	feels like they're trying to be a more ambitious google
its just less of a media-grabbing company than spacex	really?? i thought that it wasn't able to actually reach space space
ya they can't yet	is it really that good of a business plan to stretch your resources into so many r&d projects that aren't necessarily connected?
it's just owned by jeff bezos	is he just trying really hard to be as popular as musk then lol
nah blue origin is older than spacex	then what's his goal with it?
musk just did it better in less time lol	
oh apparnetly it's first goal was a suborbital space vehicle	wat
probably in response to spacex	poor bezos, the media just kind of glosses him over a bit with musky around
ya	do you have track today?
who killed u?	kate ryan
confirmed	who da fuk is shane lol
lol he's in our grade	i mean it is called senior assass
i heard they snuck into ur house	lol kind of
they're too used to random ppl going to ur house	feels bad
wdym	in an email they were talking about how i can be a part of the acquisition of contracts, management, and consulting processes
ya i'm coming down now	got an eta?
holy shit this just happened	holy shit
so he has fcharlie	ahhh
and there are 3 passengers in the back	hmmm
jeremy can	aight
i'll do it	sounds good i'll just be packing up the rest
oh iman is gonna come over at some pt and pick up stuff as well	you know the wheeled and four legged robots that were in the darpa robotics challenge?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0tayhjpofo	every human on this earth has fallen before
legs are creepy af	that's only if they're uncanny
that's still pretty creepy	the wifi is so crappy it didn't load for me yet
	i wanna meet someone who can identify robots on the spot and then we can have a robo id off
only for robotic legs	it's not a fetish
and furrys have an extreme passion for humanoid animals	no that's different
wdym more than our will	we can't really just say i like being with this group of people and so i'll live here
its just up to if you prioritize ppl over other factors	but what if the other factors are our hopes and dreams
	i woke up not too long ago lmao
u shouldn't skip and come with us	nah i still promised tomorrow
u can skip both tho lol	that's a lotta skipping lol
it's senior yearrrr enjoy it	nah i just don't want an n lol
spend more time with the boiiis	i gotta manage my time mannn
 you called foxy roxy.	wait a sec idk how long i can do stuff tonight
also are u down to play board games after school	i haven't seen her
:d	congrats!!!
we watched there will be blood	duuudeee
i have to do something for winblock but sarah said you guys are leaving afterwards	yeh prets much
what's the work thing?	holy shit the connections came full circle
lol	hmmm i hope i didn't seem douchey
are u considering it if it's the same price as osu?	it's definitely not the same price lol
especially u already got a big hookup from hurst	so you're saying the connection possibility at nu is better?
most of ur connections and field experience will all be linked to legged robots and agility as well	what would i explore at nu that osu doesn't have though
cuz i'm assuming there aren't a lot of other robotics stuff at osu	nah osu is the steward for ros
like other types of engineering, or just other ya k --more viable-- fields	i thought that first
	but that wouldn't make any sense
no i'm saying u can't necessarily garuntee you'll keep that connection if ur in oregon	are friendly email updates not enough lol
lol well it's not the same at least	yeh the connections here are a lot better and diverse
since you've already made connections with hurst and you have such a specific interest, you would definitely get more opportunities in legged robots at osu	you saying that i'm not good enough of a roboticist to stand out in nu?
i'm saying u look like every other asian aadhya points at	i have crazier hair
bc there are more ppl pursuing the same thing as you	is it because there are a lot more general "i like robots" ppl at nu but if you're at osu then it's kinda already a given that you would be hardcore cuz why else would you be in the magic forest of oregon
opposite at nu	that's a good point
if ur certain, than the connections at osu are also better than nu	bruh you should know how certain i am
think of all the ppl hurst can hook u up with	if buzz says yes we might have this convo again just warning ya lol sorry
lol np	that's the scary part though a lot of this is banking on hurst and his team
well think of how many freshmen he meets who are into legged robots	yeh good point
lol zame	who would've thunk that the school known for its oceanography and forestry environmental shiz
and ros	yeh right lol
stay safe!	i can't find the terminal
?	it's rather empty here
the what	wait oops
u better meming me rn	i am not
ru ok?	nah
ah ok	ok now i'm memory
oh gawd	oh there's more people now
	hmmm
at echo?	yeh
damn they're like the main sponsor	what the heck lol
damn u seem to be pretty heated about that lol	was i? did i?
ray rays	what do you think are the chances that i could hitch hike to the free parts place on june 5?
hitchhiking is not a thing in suburban massachusetts lol	damnit
same thing	luckily it's not a crowdsourced machine learning taxi service
	sarah where u at
not sure if i can make the study session	
she yells at me anyways :(	she said vines
also i need to be home by 11:30 so i would only stay there for like 30 min lol	you have a curfew?
well it's a loose curfew but my parents want me home theb	i never knew lol
	are you actually going to climb vo rn
maybe we can get in on it	well there are some stories of people coming up with great algorithms and designs while high off their asses
i don't think there's a big difference	cuz the end result is the same?
rip	that's insane lol
for colleges of the same size and caliber	is it really worth it though
lol	which school is worth that much debt
if you calculate the average increase that college adds to your paycheck, you indirectly pay for college in about 5 - 10 years	you know i don't care about pay
the reason ppl stay in student debt for longer than that is bc they use up their earnings to improve their life quality	i just care about what kind of shit i can get, from connections to parts to teams
lol	but i don't think those are worth 70k unless marc raibert is your fucking personal mentor
	srs though
lol	is it really that amazing of a school
but i think you're taking it too much at face value	but i'm a one sided guy who doesn't believe in stanford robotics since it's like bleh ever since ros dudes generation lefg
and also if you want to talk cost effective, robotics is probably not the best field to look at	i think that's only applicable to ppl who don't have a very specific field they know they want to enter
maybe it isn't worth for robotics	lol we just reached the same point pretty quickly
i just don't know enough about stanfrod robotics to make a full opinoin	i would say the robotics institute might might be worth but it's a graduate school and costs like 40k instead
but 60k - 70k is nothing if you take advantage of the opportunities at the college	the psychology majors at stanford are not going to be able to make that back
and ofc they will be able to make it back	hmmm i don't know enough data of how much stanford ba ppl make after graduating undergrad
it's a $82,000 starting salary	but what field though
it doens't list by field, just by degree	all the generalizations of money ultimately mean nothing if it doesn't hold a true average among individuals
average psychology majors with a bachelor's degree started out at a median of $35,700	
so even tho we don't know stanford's psych major starting salary i'm betting it's above $35,700 if they're getting an average of 82,000	above 35k can still mean like 45k lol
art history is probably like 45k	ok if we meet a super successful and amazing person who paid full price at stanford i'll rescind my previous statement
there are a ton of super succesffuly stanford students	but as long as that fucking paper skull robot shit video exists i don't believe in stanford
since its such a minor part of the school	minor
lol	jk
not that its a bad thing, but also i don't think you should measure everything by their proficiency in robotics	you just watch me @_@
	yeh but oregon is made out of weed
damnnn you're getting the best deal on your weed	lol
but i don't imagine i'll do it a lot	*flash forward five years*
i might pull a gabe	that would be insane
i'll manufacture the leaves you send me in the basements of mit into finished products	leaves delivered by legged robots
	if control theory of robots eventually reach the point of where they need ai (which i predict they will once they get the foundations of locomotion down) i'll be sure to contact ya
i can see the argument for nu	what was the argument for nu again?
ya better connections, better city, wider range of options	wait, what do you mean by options
of fields of study and research	you mean majors not relating to robotics?
	pshh
the old botball captain	oh shit i read that as that she went to high school with matt li and so i was about to question how old you really are
apparently matt li graduated cornell already in 3.5 years, with both a bachelors and a masters degree	wait shit what
i mean they're consistent and the robots are kinda flashy	are they really that "consistent" doe
and they keep having new robots every few months for inexplicable reasons	i refute that adjective, tis not inexplicable, the answer is simple, they somehow got money so they make robots
	i gotta say
but the 3d tour	
lmao	i'm literally banking everything on the robotics lab going in, i see what you mean by its good to be able to branch out lol
you could've scouted out good places to board	problem is what would i branch out to
u beat me	lmaoo, that's pretty funny that we can do that
bad in what way?	his reasoning for it was things such as hacking will become more prevalent and dangerous as tech becomes more integrated into society. the advancement of tech and without increase of education and the such will increase the wealth gap, etc.
but even if the gap increases, everyone's standard of living collectively rises	but isn't "equality" of standard of living also based on perspective
	hmmm even if the wage gap is huge
rip i just realized i have to take the ap latin late exam on the 24th so i will have to leave at like 11 am from the robotics conference	bruh
this was like in march when i turned in my ap form	wait so you skipped that so that you would have to come back to school for one day days later to take latin?
i dont really want to miss the countdown	not gonna lie, i do not understand that
and also i assume we're gonna be doing something on the last day of school	then again i thought that the concept of echo is a waste of time to myself (not saying that it is for everyone else, but to me)
	idk why, but i've been thinking about robots non-stop for a while now
i thought it was fine	wait wut
as long as the object goes in a straight line, i'm ok	bruh
:'(	i'm stuck on 2b rn, but i just realized i didn't convert the fuking units to metric
well u don't convert to metric, just convert to feet per second	it's an itch that i must satisfy, must convert
roy this is why we're single	motherfuking answer is in ft
lol	did you get around 9 ft?
i got 8.889	lmao fuk i'm on my last try
just to check	yeh sure
bs = bike max speedba = bike accelcs = car max speedca = car accel1. bike distance = 0.5(ba)(bs/ba)^2+bs(bs/ca - bs/ba)2. car distance = 0.5(ca)(bs/ca)^2max distance = (1.) - (2.)	lmao i got 13 feet
yup	so for velocity it was ft/s and accel it's ft/s^2
yup	fuk it really is 13 ft??
what are your numbers	nah it's correct lol
lol thanks	this is another indication perhaps as to why we don't have gf
	holy crap i forgot an article at the end of my previous message
wow you filthy foreigner	you're not wrong
i didn't know you came from a 3rd world country	damn
i don't think thats normal	lol i searched it up and google returned stuff about anxiety and panic attacks and desensitization
and get your entire body checked out	psh
idk if lack of exercise would do it tho	maybe it's due to depression
	https://www.theverge.com/2018/5/8/17332070/google-assistant-makes-phone-call-demo-duplex-io-2018
i was waiting u til i finished reading the thong u sent so i could properly respond	bruh it's fine lol
thanks lol	i got'chu bro
	i gotta say though
are you actually tryng to?	i should try to be more "sociable"
also nice job at shakespeare day	thanks man
i'm coming again d block	i'm going to lose my voice
also i'm gonna be in china on june 14th	june 14th to when?
june 10th to 17th	oh that's good
oh for botball	yeh my voice is done for lol
woah what	yeah i thought you'd like to know about that
that's basically apps for robots right?	yeh essentially
cuz even phone apps are having  trouble with all the different hardware cinfigs of phones these days	yeh the internals would have to very standardized like a what kota's company is making
except for robots instead of toys	can you imagine that lol
or dinosaurs	tru
 foxy roxy missed a call from you.	yes i'm still home
feel better!	did you guys come over just to drop these off?
ya but we were already downtown so	ahh
it's so easy to get into ur house	when i live by myself i'm going to have insane security measures
lol in ur tin hut?	yes
is already way more secure than what u have now	maybe also a camera
they actually sell a lot of those	what really
also u sure ur ok?	i just wonder if that's an actual viable strategy for a business
i mean bd is still alilve somehow	they haven't actually sold anything lol
the prom was pretty lame, we ditched early and grabbed food with her friends, then went back to her house and played cards lol	shiz
ours will be way better	ohhh
there's like a different thing each day of this week	da fuk
lol the bike ride from my house is like 30 min	you live so far away
i eat what's in my fridge	i mean real food
and if that runs out i eat the plants in the yard	lol
see when ur family's vegetarian u don't need a lawnmower	i feel like that's a line you've used multiple times in the past
wow nicee	this is before i get told to fuk off and that my idea is bad and i should feel bad
was this at the daniella rus event	yeh
you seem bitter	just a bit salty
ya i think the legged robotics community is probably pretty small and connected	can't tell if that's a good thing or not :,)
that's what college is for i guess	lol you'll become an expert in legged locomotion by sheer osmosis by being friends with me
not ai related	da heck is multi-sided platforms
its any type of business who's product is the reduction of friction in interaction between two parties	are you becoming a business man
so uber, airbnb, facebook	
its a relatively new categorization bc they're becoming more prevalent now	oh wait i didn't even realize that categorization existed, that's actually pretty cool
ya but not for that reason	facebook reduces your privacy, that makes sense
for example, wikipedia is also for obtaining data but its not a multi-sided platform	it's not?
no bc both sides have to be customers of that platform	like the bois provide the normies the genesis and wiki makes it easier to get the text of the genesis
lmao	but what significance does this categorization provide besides just being a thing ppl noticed
theres a lot of different approachs you take that would be considered crazy with traditional economics	sounds like communism idk how i feel about commie ideals seeping into my capitalism
wait that's not like communism at all	giving money to people is communism
until we become like a true spacefaring society where there's a need to regularly go to space	ima red blooded republican, i don't need to know how social governmental systems work i just need to be stubbornly radical on one side
i think especially spacex is really smart	really? despite all its financial close calls
think of how much nasa burns through on space r&d. i think how he made spacex was super brilliant and its kinda an entrepreneurial miracle	i argue that a realistic sex robot company would be harder
true, i also forgot legged robots	what parts were brilliant though? i'm assuming you don't mean his self funding
also is it worth studying for physics at this pt	lmao no
and he knows how each part of the rockets work	be careful dude the moment you get hands on with your staff like the receptionist you might be called out for a scandal
lol	but how much does he know though
i think musk is cool bc he is an engineer before he's a businessman	really? doesn't that make jobs and zucker exceptions to that
jobs?	oops
it has to say helloooo	well gates technically "stole"
very rarely do the founders actually act as ceos	oh tru, it's not like musk made the rocket himself lol, that would be stupidly insane
i mean it makes sense for the comapny bc usually the founders of tech companies suck at business	yeh but you gotta keep the vision of the product in mind
in industry, most of the time the highest an mit person gets in a company is the cto position, a lot of it bc of mit culture frowning upon business	if that was your only goal it might've been easier to become a cto from harvard
the ceo appoints the cto lol	maybe i'm biased but i would think they're on the same level of importance in the tech world
i mean	with a more specific focus
the world is not the tech world	what
i remember one person who i was talking to when i was deciding between mit and harvard told me "if you want to build the ship you go to mit, if you want to run the ship u go to harvard" and i was like nahhh fuck you i'm gonna do both	lol who said that ship quote
and works with harvard faculty as well	well shiz they just laid it thick on ya lol
i haven't checked	i think it might've been sent to me by mistake since i am not a vip lol
isn't that the day of the robotics conference?	nah day before
do u k what's happening there tho?	nope
*pre-event	time for me to flex my huge cfo muscles and skills
you'll miss the 2nd half of the marathon	you know what would solve this problem
a *wheeled* sheldon bot	is that a big bang reference?
just checked	whew
it might be like for everyone	so it's 100% ok to accept
you won't miss any movies	ayyyy
that's the time when well be eating dinner	perfect timing
nice	getting to massrobotics is a fucking hassle though lol
where is it?	gotta go through the bus and train and shit
that's like everywhere in boston lol	yeh but the bus?!
idk if i feel safe with u alone on the bus	lmao
at least u have a phone now	i'll just use my longboard
 	it's just french for appetizers?! fuk, i thought it was a dish this whole time
wearable tech :d	hmmm
but only music for robots	exactly
? for booz allen?	yes
it's about 44k	wait really
in a yr	lmao
it'll be ok, maybe eating a hors d'oeuvres will make u feel better	yeh that's my favorite dish
unless it has like a programmed burnout every morning after x amount of sunlight	exactly
	 you missed a call from foxy roxy.
/ r u ok	it's bigger than i thought
bruhhh lol	nah i'm probs not going to awards lol
this is why legs are unviable	well maybe if i just show up bloody
	that would be quite the physics problem
ya sure	do you have an eta for when you'll be at my house?
is she driving me to ur house?	yeh we're in the same car
or to echo	we need to be at the highschool for emily to pick us up
emily lee	nah ten
farzana	9999999
they're picking me and emily up from 99	what
iman and lulu are picking u up	whaaa
i'll send vids	here ya go from tonight
i feel like i wanna be wasted a least once just to see what drunk me is like	feel like you might get sad
and edgy	really? bitchy??
lol idk bc when i get tired i start roasting ppl	really?
lol maybe	where you at man
i'm probably going to school soon	aight come by e block so we can grab our yearbooks
where did everyone go?	i'm in math with some ppl rn
oh u actually went to class	yeh i did
lmao	i think you might appreciate this
roy why u sending me ur scabs	to gross you out
i don't nee.d that. imagery	you're welcome
btw r u going to enka?	shiz what
ya it is	think imma head home
lmao did u get that book?	lmao i wish
of art historians	so like 7 bucks?
	aight back to reading about the most interesting field around
wow i didn't k u liked computational linguistics	no i'm into computational art history
woops that was mean	holy crap
	i'm guessing you can't come tonight?
whats lame about that	that's kinda lame bruh
ok well captain america's super power is he can throw shields harder so	how is it funny doe i thought he was like a depressed and divorced single father
but its still funny	yeh but captain america is buff af
and he's funny	his power is to be small or big lol
if u inject the pym particle into things it reduces the space between atoms	that's not how atoms work!!
ignore a bunch of other physics shit and boom	you can't reduce the shell spaces
	ok that's true lol
or shoot lasers	yeh he's not black
actually ya black panther can jump like 20 ft	holy shit what
there was a scene in black panther where he jumped up onto an jet taking off and destroyed it	wat
ok	shit
i've been mathxling through julia's party	lol
whenever ppl leave	should i still go?
i might drop by once i finish mathxl	wanna show up as the late kool kids
"fashionably late"	do you have a ride there afterwards?
oh first i need to go buy food for the marathon	do you mind if i hitch on? i don't want to walk anymore since my knee is leaking
damn r u sure u don't wanna stay home	oh yeh i still need to get you your cold ones
and ya sure u can get a ride	thanksss
it's due tuesday	lol
i'll probably need an extra set of hands to load shit into the car	yeh sure
i'm leaving now so i'll be there in about 15	nice i just took a phat showa
u coming?	just woke up
ru coming?	leg day
yes we all hate u roy	it's a fuking feast here
damn	grilled chicken sticks everywhere
so i have some tickets ordered but not yours i don't think	aight
do u want me to order ur ticket?	yeh sure
i probably will be too	aight cya in several hours
also the more i think about it the more thanos is right	there's a reason he's the bad guy lol
well i think that's why he's the most interesting villain	whatcha talking about ultron was clearly the best villain
you have to look past the boxes of villain vs hero and see which side actually makes sense	
he's just as super hardline utilitarian	i think this quote sums up my stance on it and why i don't like thanos side
	not cuz he's a villain but more so that i don't think ppl have the right to equate lives to just numbers
according your duty it would be incorrect to kill 5 ppl	if there are 5 ppl right there who needs immediate help than those 1000 who might need help
the deontologist approach is that no matter what, killing is wrong	yeh that would just be a lose lose situation for a deontologist
that's what utilitarianism is all about	but not everything is a trolley problem where this or that does
in the long run u maximize happiness	his plan didn't have to be that though
right i'm not saying thanos' plan is necessary the ultimate best one, but it would ultimately still create a net benefit in the universe	cuz rn it's weighing which is more important ultimate happiness or ppl living
true, i would argue that 1 million happy ppl is better than 2 million miserable ppl	
we can continue the discussion tomorrow cuz i gotta sleep	when you can cherry pick the results then yeh one is going to seem better than the other
but ultimately i think thanos is really cool villain	but in practice it's too complicated for that
to make a judgement	lol yeh you should sleep first
ok gonna sleep now cya in 4 hrs	good night man
have you left your house yet?	almost
like the showcase	not sure about that
ya i'll probably come a little before then	alright
ok actually ill just take some caffeine pills and leave now with u	lol
but i think i'll be fine	alright so i will come pick you up
what's ur eta?	need to drop my sister off
ok. i'll set an alarm for 10 lol	that's not 10 o clock right lol
lol ni	there's slight morning traffic rn
ok how long should snooze for	five
r u outside?	almost
that would be so funny in this room	more nerds and way less suits right here
they're talking about what fields are currently most aggressively automating	like art history?
this is the one and only time where an art historian might be useful	pay day for them lol
it has over a 10 interlocking timelines of the same 3 characters	sounds perfectttt
lol	holy shit dude
wow roy u perv	i did not mean to do that
bruh	i feel kinda guilty
lol don't feel guilty it's all good	holy fuck
how is day 2?	fucking great shit
tho there aren't enough uses for having powerd clothes yet for that to be useful	or underwear that can turn your piss into energy and water
genius	you think i may be kidding but you know how useful that could be for long distance travelers?
how would it turn your piss into energy	piss is hot as shit man
and you could just bring a water filtration device	or
you would probably need extra mass to carry awater filter in your pants	but your pants are the water filter
google science fair	yeh
or just running	sam and i sprinted for 30 seconds over and over again
usually i have to force myself to try to do small talk, it doesn't come naturlaly	oh don't worry dude
and if u send a safety message first	safety messages are sacred
whereas some ppl can just keep talking forever about random shit naturally	yeh
i'm thinking of getting a ymca membership cuz i just discovered the woburn y is only like 1.8 miles from my house	well ppl like it when others express their passion for something usually (unless you're like trying to constantly flex like an ahole)
so i can actually not be fat over the summer	you should def do that
aadhya got mad at me cuz she thought i only talked to her when it was about prom	lol
in reality i'm just not on messenger that much	i mean to be fair to you it's prom soon so
ya, well i think some ppl are sensitive to that kind of thing	yeh ppl are surprisingly sensitive to social media
and she complained to me bc she said that person was throwing shade at her	lol
ya basically	i feel like we will never not continue meeting people who sometimes act like that
or commenting but not liking	lmaooo
so i guess that's why, and that ppl can look at the big fat number of likes	what is that emotional payoff though?
ya	i wonder if it would be worth to learn and fully understand such little social media intricities?
i think engineer / stem ppl sometimes underestimate the importance of it	perhaps stuff for getting your name and creations out there would be useful but that would be more of a viral video than something else
that's why robotics companies suck at marketing	*not perhaps
thats just posting a video	what exactly is marketing
actually one of the reasons i was heavily considering harvard was that they are very good at cultivating this aspect, good outwards presentation and social skills. at mit no one really cares about presentation or these small social things. so i would definitly fit into mit better, but i wouldn't develop or improve in that aspect	cuz i know examples of marketing failing like when tony the tiger started to get cat called and sexually harassed by furries
lmao	oops we were thinking of drastically different thing
its like outreach and marketing and stuff	well you could develop/improve in that aspect by hanging out with harvard kids or getting a gf
lol	preferably a girl who's into that stuff, not joking about this part
	aka sarah -> singular harvard person? lol
nah i'm gonna try to immerse myself in some communities at harvard	yeh i'm starting to wonder if bd and agility are so far existing solely for the fact that their tech is just top of the line
like amazon	but i would argue they're not a "tech" company
ok then apple	well now they got products like the kindle, but before they had the resources to fund such projects
and even now, samsung has better tech but apple has built such good brand loyalty that they are still able to convince ppl to pay way more $$ for shittier phones	but their biggest ad from the superbowl actually lost money if i'm not mistaken
i'm talking about their entire brand strategy	from my knowledge on apple (mostly articles, snippets from books, and interviews) their main strength seemed to be hitting the computer game early on and having appealing design (this second point probably being the biggest, since it lead to their brand image)
well apple is used a lot in marketing case studies	that their ads were good?
for example focusing on the value proposition rather than the features, and having very consistent and minimalist but very identifiable branding content	so you're saying that their branding is a composition of their design philosophy and their repeated emphasis of their intentions/superiority of their product over as many social platforms as possible
i think for a lot of ppl their main exposure to robotics in daily life is probably with roombas	and youtube videos
	but haven't you noticed
they like got rid of finals clubs at harvard last year	they did?! but justin how will harvard kids become more than just a rando jew going to lame parties to never be remembered?!
i know there are a few explicitly collaboration clubs, but i might also join one of their business organizations and one of the speech and debate teams if mit's sucks	the connections with the peers is what matters the most though in such an environment
stance on what?	whether or not that peer thing is true
idk much about where osu is tho	it's in a forest
tho you havent been to osu right? so do u k the atmosphere there	yeh that's true
i never even considered applying there bc how far they are from cities	don't you hate how morning dumps feel so cold when you sit down
lol	you're up early
and i'm sickish	damn how you get sick like that
ya it's not like deathly illness just some minor sore throat	i would get you some chicken noodle soup but by the time i get there i'll probably also catch a cold
lmao	oh the woes of transportation
the woes of being in the middle of bumfuck nowhere	hey you got uh
lol	lmao
i feel so unproductive	but what do you have to do lol
well i'm planning on practicing piano more, working out, reading a few more books and catching up on some ai	i feel like at least personally urgency of a hard deadline that other ppl need too like when school starts really helps form an actual schedule
i've already handed off mahacks to new directors and the clubs are all done except botball	dayumnnn who are the new directors?
i'm now just on an advisory role	what do you advise them on?
while the parents take notes	lol
it'll actually be easier for me to help out	cuz you won't be in nowhere
she also just invited me onto the board of youth cities	so you saying you basically own youth cities now?
but it's not like i'm getting any shares or anything	so you can now help fire ppl if you wanted to
i'm just helping with advising the direction of the company	oust the ceo
i thought he was ceo	wasn't scully ceo at that time?
that's why he got a vote in deciding	ahh that makes more sense
it works closely with cic	what
ya	just the classification of them are like the opposite of what most companies want
they have to pass some inspections and stuff but ya they function mostly like regular companies	huh who knew
ew	they had a quote somewhere that said (i'm paraphrasing a bit)
sounds like some hippie shit	right
but theres nothing on their website	ikr
i don't think they're tryna make useful things	disney is going to break rusty squid's kneecaps if they aren't careful
	they seem more of an high tech art studio with no advertisement of their previous art works lol
welll they look pretty new	from their youtube channel they've made several things
as of now	i like the concept of them but so far they've been recreating things that disney have done
i think u gotta give them some time lol they're just a startup	yeh true i guess i have the wrong expectation of startups to burst out with something fairly spectacular
you only get a facebook like one out of 10 thousand srartups	i feel like there's a lot of startups that just kinda do random small things though
ya	and i just wonder how they can survive
or until they die broke in their mom's basement	that's kinda dark
ya lol	kinda wish i knew of some case studies of that, ppl utterly failing until death
well usually ppl give up before they die	i wonder why they fail so much though
idk were talking about hypothetical ppl. it probably highly depends	and if what it's doing simply isn't that important they will die
it's like working 10 yrs on a  startup then realizing amazon did the same thing but better and faster	yeh tru i have no examples of ppl failing over and over until they just lose
lol do u mean connectu	yeh they're the same thing i believe
your also not gonna get a good representation of the startups out there by googling it	then how would one get a good rep of it
what's playground	robotics funding place
where are u going for pre-prom?	what's pre-prom
before prom	oh is that like
but u should	nvm just found out i need a special part that won't come until july
aww that sucks	oh jk amazon sold one that might come in june
lol rip	yeh i'm making one now
lol r u actuaally	yeh why not, skateboard is too dangerous to experiment with, might as well make something else
it just kinda sucks cuz it's right before prom	you should probably rest up as hard as you can rn
i better charge up my crystal therapy	lmao
i already have a bunch of crystals charged up and ready	how would they actually discharge the crystals i wonder
or u suck the energy out	i heard that the ass absorbs things much better
there's a reason we don't eat into our asses	maybe our asses absorb so well to get the last bit of nutrients from our shit
who took the time to do this lol	someone who really liked his nuts
lol ya the description is the best part	people will do anything for a good meme
saskia has a tesla	yeh duuuudeeee
damn	the fuking door handles retract into the car
elon musk is actually a design genius	did he personally design the teslas?
like retract and shit	lol
yee	would you ever do something like that
like would u actually insist to jeopardize a product showcase just so your robot says hello	yes
the only reason we have positive impressions of these examples is because they worked out in the end	don't be a wuss bruh
but if they didn't work out then you would just be a terrible ceo	nah i think if it's an integral part to the system
neither the handles or saying hello are integral parts of the system	if one is showcasing a walking robot and it doesn't do anything special like jumping in a world of places like bd then you're not going to make a dent anywhere and most likely will be called a shit bd
or smthn	oh you mean like a much more minute detail
how's the corsage lookin	doing aight
but that's probs fine	it's to show that i make the biggest and best corsages
what is it mounted on?	a shit ton of hot goue
are u sure it fits her arm?	it fits mine
lol	so i'm just guessing lol
that's what aadhyas friend used to make hers	bruh what lol
and it worked pretty well	i thought it was supposed to be a ribbon cuz idk class something
it doesnt have to be as long as u can't see it	like dicks
	don't forget your propel mints in case you kiss her
should i bring my computer	dude i was just about to ask the same question
	i needed to get and configure some software for motor controllers for an upcoming workshop
what that	use casanova in a sentence. noun. the definition of a casanova is a man who is passionate about women and has many lovers. an example of casanova is the story of don juan.
ah	wait shit
	i need softer toilet paper
bruh are u still on the toilet	yes
have u gotten dressed yet at all	got socks and pants
 foxy roxy missed a call from you.	where you at man
rip why?	cuz the snores
bruh	?
	lol what
nah she only did it cuz it's a requirement	holy shit art history can be a requirement??
and she picked that obe	wow
ya idj	still feel like i'm in a weird state where i think i need sleep but i'm still fairly functioning
cuz adrenaline	such a bad feeling
i got one	nice
i assume	apparently not
oh wait	shiz that's kinda far
bruh isn't it right in downtown	what
it's right across from the train station	fuck there's too many bugs to read outside rn
also it's at 7	oh so you can walk there in time
i'm gonna be slightly late	yeh sure
wow	btw does this cost money
i don't think so	here now
but she zoomed in on the fist	look around the fist
i'm confused	6.5/10
thanks dude	the fist was actually supposed to be about aiyadiahs arm being slack
but then i got bombarded with this shit	ok we're done now
what movie did u guys end up watching	you
oooh i really wanna watch that	sarah fell asleep lol
ya she told me lol	yeh it's my favorite ghibli movie, romance, high fantasy + steampunk-ish tech
have fun with the rest of weeb night	good night justin!!
are u going to any of the grad parties today?	given that i woke up around now
probably not	unless i actually know the person fairly close i don't see much point in going
when is treehouse club today?	no idea
rip	probably after sarah is done with her music friends stuff
ok	have you been hanging around at home?
ya basically	i feel
yup	i better run huh
ya	i slept through middle school graduation
*ass	oh no it's bright outside
wait u know this i told u	i must've forgot lol
ur always active but asleep	oops ^^"
ur a fucking bitch	are you guys still there?
ended at 5am	so you guys went home at 5am?
now it's justin	yeh i could tell lol
woah u could tell?	i'm guessing you guys are at sarah's house?
no	well justin doesn't swear like that
bitch	lol
in my car	ahhh
talkin	are ya coming for botball today?
ya i might be a bit late i just woke up	the roles have reversed
lol	a ups man just delivered a long and huge mysterious amazon box to my house
uh	yeh same
how is it going?	im googling so much stuff rn
or a conference	seems more like a lecture seminar with a demo
ok i'll check it out	they also use buzz words
machine learning	description from robohub on that company
nope	how you gonna get to the meeting for sci oly today then? :oo
*soon	hey
lol	you hate me
why do u keep saying thattr	
lol	lol sarah worries about you not liking her for some reason
shit	it's alright man
nope	really??
writing essays and such	what the
and then for the freshman pre-orientation programs, gotta write essays to get in to some of the better programs	wtf lol
ru at botball?	well it's locked rn
it would be so much easier to do anything	you should learn how to drive soon lol
ya..	https://i.redd.it/yeye5ye3ll211.png
i really hope its real	i doubt it lol
the lawyers would flip their shit	fuking lawyers ruining everything
cuz its a null? or smthn	fuk if i know why js does that
welp dude i fucked up	what happened?
its ok im getting advice from sarah now	sounds like she had a bad day in general so that's probably why she got mad
tho according to nina she flipped out at her when nina accidently spelled it wrong too	ahhh sarah explained it
ya i think so	ahh that's good to hear
idk how i'm gonna get there tho	want me to skate to your house in the morning and then we can bike/skate?
well i'll be hitting the gym in the morning	wait
morning around 9 or 10	unless you don't want us to be around lol
when do u usually go?	when i'm awake
i always go in the mornings right when i wake up	wow
"always" = the past 3 days lol	well, 3/3 is better than 2/3
cuz they have the best vids lol	that was such a crap meme that it was good
its one of the most rundown dorms lol	i feel like those extra spaces won't be used as much
but i heard they have one of the best dorm cultures	i did notice some of the lights looked like they were falling off lol
the one that by far has the nicest dorm is simmons	kevin says if you wanna do stuff at horn pond you're welcome to come
they have a fricking ball pit	you're gonna get pink eye from that shit lol
(ugh to kevin, not to the pink eye)	i think i'll do body weight stuff with kevin
at the gym or not at the gy	probs just at horn pond
ok	so you're gonna work out in the morning and then maybe somehow come to the school later lol?
but interesting	you should probably let him know now then
ya he already said yes	this si some weird shit man
i know mit has especially strong dorm loyalty/culture so thats why it makes a big difference which dorm ur in	west hall is only for honors kids
ah	or out on the hills
i feel like even if u spend ur days in labs your social environment is still gonna play a really big role in ur life quality tho	why do you think i'm going to keep skating?
and also i feel like college is a unique opportunity to explore what kind of person you are and what kind of person you want to be around in the future, bc you're not gonna get something like college agian	
you'll find weed everywhere	weed wonderland
this is the other dorm i'm considering, but everyone wants this dorm so i probaly won't get it	https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/7v0td9/oregon_is_producing_three_times_more_marijuana/
holy	the simmons videos isn't as funny
the curved walls are connecting different floors	jeezus, i recognize that thing
the curved walls make up the lounges	i'm curious how the force is distributed through that whole thing then
i'm not really talking about academics tho	what makes you think that it's such a time to expand like that? technically, wouldn't that detract time from honing our skills further?
and i feel like your only counting things u have a strong interest in at this very moment	yeh that's true
like for example i have no idea if i would enjoy for example improv or singing or like dancing but i might as well try and figure out	i meme soft robotics, but that stuff is quite innovative and novel
bruh	ooohhh
step outside of robotics	that kind of stuff?
for a minute	can't you take that as a class though
ya but you wouldn't in the future if u didn't k u whether or not ur interested	feels like i'm missing a vital component to this sentiment, leading to me not understanding it
that probably won't relate to my career in the future	things like philosophy have a use later though, like that would be something i'll try out
ever again in ur life really	hmmmmm
its just something i do to develop myself more in ways that are not knowledge or academic	so it would be on the same categorization of things like playing games?
well	a good way to approach this would then to be stick with what you know for sure you want to do, and spare time to just try some other stuff even if that other stuff won't directly benefit your goal, but rather benefit you as a person experiencing life in general?
i feel like i would cut out 6 months of my life just to spend on traveling if i had the chance bc it would open my eyes a lot of things aroudn teh world and would just be like a life-changing experience	yeh i see that. on other hand i would only travel to places not to experience them but rather to see and learn what advances they have made in relations to specific fields i'm interested in
are you meme surfing through reddit again	yeh
	http://robohub.org/new-battery-technology-is-accelerating-autonomy-and-saving-the-environment/
lol congrats	basically famous as shit now
oh woops	lol
nope max said he walked	lol
she's at my house rn cuz we just got back from the gym	bruhhhhhhhh
so i need to create some bs	holy shit
he said the grade is changeable if i send him some stuff	whew
ehh i'll only be gone for like 9 days	that's a lot of days
so it would just be us lol	yeh man lol
i'll see how much work i can get done	aight
ya. she's just chilling with chris and khloe while i do work lol	chris??
ya. he also had nothing to do today so he just walked over	lol
how are the robots going?	going well, not as far as i would've hoped
ya i will	how you doing
still writing my essay	still?? dang
im getting distracted cuz ashley just got home	sounds like confirmed no treehouse meeting lol
ya i think so. i have to do fam stuff with her so	tell her i said hi!
sarah is going through it and adding ppl	you're doing family stuff with sarah? lol
so we didn't do family stufff	ahh so you guys just hanging out now?
i'm still writing my essay :'(	lol bruh
i had to take an intermission to unscrew some nuts	what
ya...	did something bad happen?
i failed tho	what
ya...	what are you doing hanging around sarah that you would need to unscrew nuts lol
sarah's just kinda loitering here idk	lol
i'm working on my essay	she just wants to hang around you i guess
jk ily	love you too khloe
ok i'm back	good luck on finishing those essays
its like ^ those types of questions	that's dumb
but the program i'm applying for is apparently hard to get into	cuz you could meme the shit out of them and be the funny dude on campus
its the wierd life-changing one that happens in a lakehouse in groton, ma	like an honors program
no its the freshman pre-orientation program	sounds like a cult
so basicaly like 5 days before orientation there are some pre-orientation programs that are optional	why is there a special freshman pre-orientation one lol
its like 5 days of being around your new classmates	what would one do in those five days that's so life changing
i got recommended by a lot of students to do it bc its apparently worth it	number 5 is literally the stanford question lol
but its apparently life-changing	what is up with all these programs and wtf do you do in them lol
nah its not a final club tho, u apply for it and its just 5 days	that last part makes it seem like an elite thing lol
its just gonna be a fun 5 days	the dude said in the chat that the ppl who went are all leaders now
and also i'm pretty sure its just ppl who are more prone to be leaders attend flp	if dat ain't some cult shiz idk what is
not all of them are leaders lol	is that part of the reason why you want it? lol proving thy self
are u ok today	yeh though someone is calling me rn complaining about their problems and i'm so sleepy lol
lol ok. no its not proving anything	is that why you asked about the are you okay today?
and also i get to meet other ppl who may be like-minded	passive aggression waists time, if one wanna fronts they better front fast
maybe u should get some sleep man	yeh but idk how to end this convo
who's calling u?	lol that would be funny just start snoring
ah	don't worry dude
	
and its something to do with leadership	perhaps you get to meet and talk to famous alumni
i doubt it. we're in a lakehouse in groton ma lol	and then make out with ppl
idk if they're gonna ship noam chomsky out to groton	it's actually where the last remains of the lsd group lives
true its been hiding in the shadows	lol
lmaoo	i got a boost of energy somehow
i need to finish and edit them first	did ya finish? cuz sounds like you've got a lot of packing from the sci oly chat
i'm pretty much done packing	has your mother always been so tightlaced?
so all these restrictions are more apparent	lmaoo
lol she probably called me after u fell asleep	yeh...
i was mindblown by ben tho	when ben is in bro mode i suppose he's different lol
like extremely different	idk i didn't really understand the problem fully. to me it seemed like rhea was jealous of how much time ben spent with litzy
i mean its a well documented phenomenon, choosing between the bros or the hoes once a close friend gets into a relationship	lol
that's what i thought it boiled down to	yeh that sounds about right
	
ya	it's like if he got into a cool new hobby
its treehouse club except just us lol	yeh sure man lol, we've had that stuff a lot already
sarah will be in the dominican	if you're trying to tell me you're gay, sorry man i'm into girls
	lol what, jenn and vara are going on a roadtrip? that's an odd team to go on a roadtrip i feel
jen and vara are pretty close tho	really???
damn that was quite the reaction	i know jenn said that the rwdc group was one of the most favorite groups she worked with so i was assuming that she and vara also had friction
vara and jen got closer bc jen became good friends with joanna, and then joanna match jen and harry together which brought her closer again to joanna/vara	what the
ya	wow, this got nerdy even when we're talking about stuff that could almost be considered gossip
also poor jeremy is always 3rd or 5th wheeling lol	poor dude getting the short end of the stick :'(
and most of the ppl he hangs out with are joanna's friends	awww
which book?	the raibert one
this may be the start of the church of the divine thrustin	yeh right
its basically how i remembere	ahhhhh
?	it was a treehouse meme
lol wut	there's apparently a rap lyric about bringing a girl to a penthouse and "freaked on it"
lol wut	yeh same lol
i'm staying there basically the whole time	isn't shanghai an electronics powerhouse rn?
shenzhen is the main electronics powerhouse	oohhh thats right
however, it does seem a lot more things are automated now, even in the rundown city suburbs	really? what things are?
the toilets in the airport were pretty impressive, they had like buttons and shit	lol
i forget exactly what, its just my impression	can't tell if you're joking or not since that actually makes sense
it just seems more advanced than last time i visited	what?? really?? i always thought of china as not the cleanliest, i remember talking to some college kids from shanghai and they claimed they hated how dirty it is
its still pretty dirty	ahh ic ic
like nonexistant	that's how you can really tell how advanced a civilization is
	
idk yet, are you free those days?	yeh sure what days doe
not sure yet	what time do you get back on the 19th?
probably be available the 20th and onward	what exactly do you want to talk about lol
just whenever ur free and wanna hang out	ahh yeh so just hanging out like after the last conference?
ya i'm psychologically fine	well that's a relief lol
we can hang out anytime	i'm also rather behind on the raibert book and shiz
or whatever the number was	oh we could also watch some of the towatch movies like blade runner 1 & 2 along with that time travel one you've mentioned
how much do u have left?	~150 pages lmao
that's good	it's kinda crazy to think about
but ya i agree	i don't know if it's really a dark place per se right
its only wierd cuz obviously we can never imagine what not being concious feels like	yeh and the fact that our consciousness and more so of who we are as persons/beings heavily rely on our past experiences and memories and other people's perceptions of who we are
	
its 3 am isn't it	yeh i should but i'm listening to the wisecrack podcast about one of their writers who wrote the nier automata story
but if the ball can just print bodies when it thinks ppl are dead, can the ball just print an entire army using the ppl he's already printed as templates	oh the dead people part was more of not to mess around with human society too much
anime has such a wide range	yeh right
their whole fusing thing should be limited by the hardware inside major	the brief explanation they had seemed to me that the cyber brain was more of an addition to the current brain
holy shit gt memes strike again	righttt
ugh hot and dusty	dusty? really
similar to apple pay	i kinda like cash doe, since i ain't got no bank shit before as a younging
ya its basically only kids who carry cash on them, and even then a lot of them just have a joint account with their parents	damnn
its listening capabilities are also worse but overall can do the same things and functions the same way	i can see potential concerns though with a social media platform that's government promoted and dominates more than just media (like pay)
i mean they aren't potential concerns if the chinese gov already actively censors all media	i'm guessing they can easily replicate the hardware once they get one and see the documentation
the exxterior was also less slick and felt more plasticky	ok maybe not all the hardware lol
i don't think the ai is that bad and it seems like there are functionalities that alexa can't do	ooohhh
but it has the same light loop thing at the top and its functionalities are basicaly the same	not sure what mi means but doesn't xiao mean small? kinda like micro soft (with micro being a synonym for small)
xiao mi means little rice lol	what
the ai itslef is called "xiao ai" which is a spin on ai which sounds like "love" in chinese	small love?
did u go to six flags?	ahh that makes sense
nice	very quality engineering on those rides, but idk if i can handle another day on those things lmao
cuz the same xiao ai software is also used on xiao mi phones as their version of siri	#hardwareisstillafieldofpriority
how about friday?	yeh sure that sounds good
probably yours.	kkkkk
cyaa	shall we stay at botball until 4 and then hang out at my place tomorrow?
i actually might not be able to go to botball today bc i have a lot of work to catch up on after china	lol wut
like 8	lol
probably	sounds good
i'm leaving my house now	kkkk
rip	welp shit
oh sweet thanks	no problemo
	lol
*clean	yeh thats the trick though
definitely not my room	what about a drone trashcan
he has some pretty sweet arcs	what was one those sweet arcs? i need my memory jogged
and becomes super successful and at some point i think u can choose to work for him	danggg
i don't think i would stick with doing the same thing for over a decade	really? thats interesting, yeah you do seem like theres a lot you want to pursue and try out
ya i should be	wanna try to watch some bladerunner or death note?
did all the parts come in?	yeh, the programmer came in
i was already asleep and then i woke up and accidentally opened my phone lol	lmaoo
i fucked up	? did you forget to message sarah about meeting up or something lol
john dunleavy	uh oh
in my mind i thought it was brian dunleavy who had his account hacked	ooohhh
it could have been a lot worse. cuz i know brian dunleavy is kinda an asshole cuz i went to elementary school with him, so i was about to be super rude	lol
idk i feel bad now	if it makes you feel better, from reading the chat nothing seems wrong/bad
how late did u guys end up calling yesterday?	i think it was close to 1 or something?
nervous in waht way	she's nervous about if you really want to go for it (the relationship) and stuff
i'm kinda nervous too	oh are you guys not meeting late night today?
i think its a no	you're gay????
and according to ashley, everything changes up in college. theres a lot of perspective shifts and stuff as you deal with a completely new environment	hmm interesting
was she very much for going for it when u guys talked?	i don't know if she was super for it
to be honest i also don't know to what degree i like sarah since i don't think i've actually super intensely liked anyone before	really??
like since sarah is such a close friend, i don't like her in the butterflys in ur stomach / blushing way	have you ever met someone you just couldn't stop thinking about?
nah not really tbh	ahh, yeh that does sound more "comfortable" like you said before
or not to an extreme degree	maybe you'll find the one to give you butterflies in collegio
maybe	just don't get infatuated lol, that's dangerous
wtf is that	it's a banana with three cores it seems
it looks like that pokemon	yeh no one wants that kind of obsessive person lmao
but the resemblance is kinda there	isn't that based on a pitcher plant not a banana? lol
ya lol	i gotta say though
maybe deep down i just know im meant to be single forever	lmao
lmao	hmm
and when i get a more intense crush i bury myself in work	
ya...	i'm sure you'll meet a good friend group at mit
well ur friends in college are gonna be centered a lot around ur clubs and activities	or centered around weed
i know i'm joining hackmit, which i heard is a really tight friend group so at least i know i'll have some friends lol	guessing that's a software hackathon?
they also run bluprint which is the high school hackathon	oooh huh so they're a whole organization dedicated to running hackathons?
yup	did you see that someone keyed lulu's mother's car with the n word on it?
that runs a bunch of student events around campus	oh wait, we're still talking about hackathon my b lol
keyed	they used a key to scratch her car
really	yeh it's on the winchester residents page
damn	it's strange to see mathematical equations be so directly applied to described motions of the robot
this is such a good 2 am sitting alone in a hammock song	lmao
uh i lost track of how many servos the battleship has	and it would the robot a little bit more reliant if it could lift the pieces off the ground, since the friction of the game pieces effect its driving
and maga has 2 right	yeh
so ya middlebot can use more	alright
i'll be at botball tomorrow	i thought you were meeting with sarah tomorrow
/ tomorrow morning	oh shizzzz
shiiiiit	idk this seems a bit messy she was talking to me about how nervous she was about this all happening
but nervous in what way	and that itll be hard for her afterwards since shes obsessed with you
shit really	she claims its nervous since she doesnt know abything
so she expects me to say no?	i got no idea what she expects lol
yeh	aight let me spam this chat with some pics to bury this
	aight
idk maybe its just cuz i'm not a super emotional person	take it ez though man
so even if do like her as much i don't feel it as strongly	you can feel da angst
	
tell tanishk i said hi	itll be alright though lay it down soft
i feel kinda sick to my stomach	ah shizzz
?	youre nervous too?
well ofc	man i was gonna make some more communist and wwii jokes but then i realized that there are youngins in the gcer chat
or else you'll be lynched in oregon	aw man if i was white i could stereotype america so hard
lol	oh tru, and then have a shirt with shitty asian characters
yup	mannn thats some heavy shit
i'm still nervous as fucj	yeh
whichever way it ends up going	yeah man
wdym	like how are you going to bring it up
uhh	lol what's with the extra "uhh"
idk lol	do ya think a late night skate will be worth it
especially if u have something to think about or just wanna distress	but i'm wearing dark clothes rn lol
lol	oh wait, i got leds
well there's also not gonna be a lot of cars	i ain't got much to distress though
i enjoy 3 am walks a lot	hmm tru
4 hrs or 16 hrs lol	4
u can skate over to vo and be ready to diffuse the situation if it goes sourh	lol
lol ya	think i'm gonna take notes until i'm sick of it and then skate
ya... idk	don't fuck up is also a bad thing to say here
thanks lol	no problemo
i just got back home lol	geezus
shouldn't u be asleep	i saw a video about pcb making
well not a bit lol	conflicted how so?
also i do think she likes me more than i like her	yeh i got that feeling too
but idk how to tell her that	that was actually one of her concerns
i thought about her while i was in china but not like all the time	that she likes you more than you like her
ya..	that was also probs why she was annoyed when you came back from china and didnt talk to her immediately/the left on read thing lol
tho another thing i was thinking was since i've never really liked anyone in our school a lot, i like sarah def the most out of anyone i've ever liked but idk if that feeling i'm getting is really a lot or not	you dont feel right about the plan to wait or the idea of dating now?
kinda	who looks like you
	
listening to am	lol
ya pretty much	 foxy roxy called you.
sarah and i talked about going to see incredibles 2 on friday, but she was hinting that it would be a date	use a buck converter
but at the same time it would be kinda nice	lol damn, what happened to the whole thing
arghh	nice in that you want to see incredibles 2 or that you want to hang out with sarah? since the later contradicts your statement of not wanting things to progress that way
tbh i just want things to be the same as before :'/	yeah she mentioned something similar to me, the how she thinks its hard, but she also told me she wanted to back off since she doesn't like it when she likes someone more than they like them, but but she also said that she's 100% fine rn lol
pulling an invite another person move	lmao
or like she reacted badly when u told her about me looking for jen	nah nah nothing happened to sarah, it was when we were hanging out and you wanted to find jenn
wait this year?	yeh sarah said she would be fine no matter what the story was, but then she was like, "oof"
but i also recongize if i go with it too much i could hurt sarah even more later if we don't end up dating	yeh that's very true
maybe i'll just ask her	oooh, good thinking
but i'm not sure lol	exactly lol, i feel like she sometimes just says stuff and then can't handle it later
ugh idk how to deal with this	now with the third option
and walking around / eating dinner in boston beforehand	lol
i feel like she wasn't completely ok with it but	lol
uh i just want things to go back to normal	what was normal to you though?
but ur probably asleep	i was asleep
are u on track	lmao fuk no
rip	 foxy roxy called you.
what kind of weeb stuff would iman want	depends on whats in stock
ok there's like no anime merch besides actual books here	ahhh
lol	uh
ya i think i'll have to go back to get sokmething later	https://www.cnet.com/news/honda-stops-developing-asimo-its-friendly-humanoid-robot-report-says/
the dreaded application	feelsbad
ok sounds good	your street is 11 thornberry street right?
yup	that japanese hobbiest who made some impressive quadrupeds with off the shelf components
how's the dark side treatin ya?	lots of business stuffs
what did u do on yr first day	learned air force stuff
did they give u the "leak information and the government will kill you" talk	nah thats tomorrow
about to board	how long are you there again?
until the 9th	*whew
damn	you and i never had this problem though
wait is it hardware that's broken or software	yeh i cant say what for but its buzzy
oh	using tensor flow
wait so ur just doing software then	and its hardware thats breaking
did i hear ur using the best programming language	im ok with that though, i need to brush up on my cs
fuck yea	i can do electronics and hardware at home
lol	look randy, hes (gonna be) a real programmer
	jk jk
looks like ur starting on ur path to the most interesting field in existence	data science?
they have some pretty good animatronics here	what kind of fancy ass cruise you at
i'm at universal studios	oooohhh
huh that's wierd	have you discovered anything new in your cruise?
about to go on the cruise today	wait wuttt
apparently on the nasa atlantis shuttle, the robotic arms are all made by canada cuz apparently in the 80s canadian companies could make robotic arms with more advanced motor control than the us	dang now thats actually super interesting
so i can occasionally go on the interwebs	internet planes that beam lasers of knowledge to people around the world is very much needed
i missed internet so much	welcome back!!!
that was really sad	right dude??
why are you crying in a hospital?	that shit fucked me up
still checkin up on the diahhrea	the comic was why i cried in the hospital lol
i meant why in a hospital lol	closing your eyes and opening them to a few minutes left, thats terrifyingly sad shit
or just visiting again	i was until like an hour ago
aids?	yeh
	heard you drank a beer though!
the governments poisoining u	did you get drunk and then become the wolf of wallstreet?
that's pretty much it	lol
red cheeks are a typical thing for alcohol i think	shit i didnt realize you were asian
have u been watching too much black dynamite	maybe
lmao i actually watched another episode	its quite the contradictory viewment
u didn't mention that the orphanage was also a whorehouse	oh you did??
lmaoo	forgot about that lol
"a hoe mammas better than no mamma"	lmao
ya ikrr	some of the lines i dont get at all but then after you google them you learn a lot
like honkie lol	lmao nah i knew that from the south
uh	
damn	yeh
what kinda machine learning stuff are you doing	something about forests lol
yo r u home?	yes i am now
oh damn	thats why they had to use and maintain servers
or more like a training exercise for interns	yeh the contest is to make and solve various problems that booz allen can use and or for future r&d
but that was cuz i was accions first intern cuz it's a startup so they didn't completely k what to do with me, and plus my supervisor was at a conference. it got a lot better once they assigned me to help actually do some stuff with my supervisor in the later weeks	msp430, that sounds familiar, based on what i remember i think thats a texas instruments chip, 16 bit, wow i got to the point where i can recognize some chip model names ive become a loser nerd
woah that's pretty cool	one week after release:marijuana robots continue to evade police
lmaoo	dudeee
damn now that's a venture i would fund	
also r u able to leave early from work?	i can technically leave by 4
 foxy roxy missed a call from you.	i was still working at that time
lol nah	wait really?? why not the two of you
nah boda borg is lame with just 2 ppl	working lol
fun	but turned out they were due tomorrow
did u talk to ur boss about doing more stuff	yeh im getting code review assignments soon
what are the differences	the ui is pretty different
ya i feel like i'm getting resick	do you need anything rn?
but i can be more active in helping them too	<3
that's in our mit group chat	lmao
holy shit i'm a tripllee?!!!	lol
and i can switch out of the triple	ahhh
wait did she actually take that pic	not sure
fuck i don't want to become a weeb	lol
cuz i heard the 2003 original is not as complete or true to the full manga	niceeee brotherhood is usually the better one
i'm slipping down a slippery slope	yeh the 2003 one spins off since the manga wasnt finished at the time but it was thumbed up by the og manga artist
i hope they explain the magic system more	oh no worries dude
okee	sitting next to two girls, now i got ptsd from the gcer flight when i fell alsleep on the girl next to me
i could totally make this a dress story	lol tru thats one story thats exclusive to us lol
make sure to bring us some wheed	lmao
this is a really great video for explaining it. 3blue1brown is one of my favorite math related youtube channels	idk what hes like honestly lol
yo when do u get back from oregon again?	probs saturday
also what time on saturday? we're tryna plan a botball meeting to determine next years officers	ahh tru tru, idk jack shit about chemistry anymore
i don't think theres anything wrong with it as long as you recognize it and keep yourself open to other possibilities should they arise	oh shit
why?	oh it was just to someone i met here
lol	shits hard man
you fox	why does that help explain stuff
no it wasn't an "oooooooh *realization*" it was an "ooooooooooooooh *amazement*"	after saying my og plan outloud i really do have a focus problem
or is she a normal human	idk
oh shit	and likes doctor who
roy be careful	she seems like one of the alt kinda ppl
branching out	ya know wut i mean
jk i'm tired	like the kind of person to be in a different friend group than us in highschool
lik edgy linnea?	she just happened to talk to me and then we stuck together through the rest of orientation
i mean its orientation so like it doesn't hurt	fuck honkies amirite
theres only a small chance you will keep in contact and still be friends with her once u actually get to campus	wait cant make that joke i think shes at least half white
i mean	lmao
show them your true self	tru
ya np	we happen to live near each other in the same honors dorm though
oh lol	aight imma catch some zs gnight!
and don't get too high	thanks dude, have fun treehousing i suppose lol
lol	these are the worst designed urinals i have ever seen
is that what all the urinals look like at osu	nah this set only existed in the engineering building
gotta have room to reach over in case your bro needs help	tru bros that are loners for life
	
like in the hallway or in his lav	in the hallway lmao
lol did u like stop him	i like turned around quickly once i realized who that was
did he remember u from the emails	yeh seemed like it
is that the angsty linnea	what kind of a response is o o f to an attempted joke? :(
lol i think she just didn't k how to respond	yeh tru
don't worry about it too much	dude your vlog was amazing
i was lonely and bored at 2 am	 you missed a call from foxy roxy.
 foxy roxy missed a call from you.	i need to turn this thing on sound and not vibrate
this botguy that i have is urs right	did you take two? lol
ya i thought it was david's	ah ic ic
actually i'll put this in treehouse	lol
is this alex	yeh
i don't think that's necessarily the solution lol but it is a solution	she needs 10k
wait why? what's wrong with her finances	apparently she needs 10-15k left that's still not covered
ok i finished ep.20 . i'm just gonna put some predictions in here:1. it seems pretty obvious that hohenheim is the one behind the homunculus, especially when he warns that something bad is about to happen in the country2. the whole xing alchemy subplot is eventually gonna lead al to his body, or they even create a new homunculus body for al3. hohenheim took the pic of their family, which seems uncharacteristically sentimental. so i think he's gonna create a new homunculus that looks like the mom? or even the whole family. maybe to replace lust who just died?	yeh roy was a badass when he took down lust, holy shit
or he was standing among the other homunculi and pride is the only one unaccounted for so	hehehe
but why do they need it lol	cuz they wanna have nicer environments to program in
yoo found an elo concert	lmao
it's probably bigger in europe	yeh tru
oh i meant cuz elo is british isn't it?	what
also the audio clips from when i was drunk are super funny	were you like sarah loopy?
tho i ranted about star wars and marvel a lot	wow
i also vomited a bunch of times	i think i'm feeling guilty for not messaging hannah back for weeks now
do u like her?	no
and that's a nonrude way to end convo	but i hypothesize the guilt is coming from the fact that we have talked and she didn't really do anything wrong and i all of a sudden ghost her, rude af
	
why?	and fucking emojis showed up in the installation notes and printouts
i'm confused	same
what kind of terminal are u using	the standard linux one man
... can display emojis?	ubuntu terminal now supports fucking emojis
how do u even output emojis from a file	in 18.04, which is what my vm rn is
oh so are they all part of a package	not sure
oh god	i couldn't find more offensive emojis
(*_*)	lol
lolol	here are some of the more black hat incidents from def con that you should get a chuckle from
there's always gonna be some black hackers who use defcon to do random shit	apparently there was a reporter who tried to catch black hatters admitting to their crimes at def con but she was found out and like mobbed out of the conference by the attendees lol
i haven't read enough xkcd to know	heres some of black hats best antics in my opinion lol
damn the first one is really sad	yeh...
damn that's really cool	also
was this part of a big debate or smthn lmao	no lol, it was just two completely separate threads
as long as they abide by the conventional rules of consent and what not that apply to any fetish	yeh, but like
is quite depressing	bruhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, you have to see that elon musk gif somehow
lol	i'll be sure to let you see that gif when you come back then
how has work been?	meh, nothing too interesting
wait what are the company related things that ur doing?	sloc analysis and stuff like that lol
what's sloc	source lines of code
ah	it's used for like estimating maintenance time and stuff like that for the code
lol nice which one?	idk what it's called tbh
i found an overrated piece of shit	lmao
the only reason i went to the louvre	lol
sick	sick of all the gun rights?!
so that's not as cool	see ive been practicing democratic humor
lmaooo	do you have to pack for tomorrow or?
well i'll pack tomorriw	lol
ya she starts one day before me	apparently agility was at a mars conference
is that suppose to be a spaceship model	lmao
in europe	you recovered from the jet lag yet?
i guess it's cuz i'm only 20 min away lol	yeh lol, but youll rarely come back to winchester now
well i guess i'll speak after i figure out my schedule in college	no way what are you going to be doing back here
but i think i should be able make time	also this guy already does the whole generative ai for designs
also my mom works there so she can literally pick me up after work, and then drop me off the next morning when she goes to work	though it is really primitive, but its going on
a while ago	just had to come up in my recommended, thought that sounded strangely familiar
what are your thoughts on moving all the way across the country?	i don't have any lmao
wait brb i'm moving into my room rn but i'll read/respond soon	lmao
that's the engineering process at work	1986-87
probably patented by a gtech student	apparently it was fucking ibm
lol	yuh. dude
come check out my dorm!	
are u guys still here?	eating dinner rn
i can take u guys	we already ordered bruh
there's so many different events	i just dont wanna go to work tomorrow
wait so where are u guys eating	area 4 pizza
all built in like 3 days it's crazy	lol
it hasn't quite started yet tho	 you missed a call from foxy roxy.
 you called foxy roxy.	where you at
i can't hear u	im at the back
where are u i'll meet u up	the gyroscopic light thing
share ur location	how you do that
i'm chilling with ppl at my dorm rn	im at sarahs rn
wait come over to harvard?	yeh
is it something i can talk to u about over call	nah, perhaps some other time soon
do u wanna come over after ur done visiting sarah?	its 11 pm lol
otherwise i could probably come over	okay
i thought gtech had the fastest	66.31 was buzzs
that's my rush events schedule	haha yeah sure
is there any event ur interested in	lol jeezus that's a lot of stuff
i've spent every hour at events and i've only been able to go to less than 5% of events	you show up on the side of the "recently active attendees"
lmao	nah i think i'm alright though, feels weird if i jump into your school's stuff like that lol
does it have to do with sarah or u?	nah it's nothing like serious
	
so i have to go to events nonstop	lol
u move in on the 15th right	yeh
also that was an interesting article	conservatives aren't close-minded
classes start tomorrow	lmao, fuk
u can crash in my room if u want	idk, probs brushing up on ros
u can sleep there	lol
oh we can go hacking if ur down	i'm already sore from trying to learn longboard sliding lol, i can try but idk if i can survive some of the harder climbs
all the stress that is	you're going to be on a list bruh lol
but climbing is still fun	how dangerous do you think it might be to do some longboard slide practice at night?
do it in winchester	what about the bike paths in the city
hmm i guess that would work	what are you up to rn? rare to see you being able to chat so much
and doing karaoke	have you joined joined a frat yet?
	nah man, i'm genuinely intrigued
and once u find some ppl u like in a frat it's easy to enter frat bro mode	fuk i woke up kinda late lol
r u just skating around or hanging out with sarah?	sarahs singing now
ooh nice	u free?
i'll def have more time then	so probs no meet up today then?
but it's probably not worth your time to come over	if i grab onto the bumpers of cars i could maybe be there by 10 min lol
cuz mit crams so much shit up your ass in the first few weeks	lulu proposed an idea of sleeping over but i aint got no extra clothes except ur yoda shirt lol
wait u mean tonight lmao	otherwise ill probs be around randomly during the next two weeks
well u don't need extra clothes if its just one night	lol bruh
just shower tomorrow when u get home	im gonna be nasty on the t lol
nah trust me my room's nastier	lulu said her dorm has lots of extra couches and stuff if i ever wanted to crash
bc is kinda old and decrepit	its got a fair amount of common rooms scattered about
but im not sure if other mit students are already sleeping there lol. i found some guy in there around 8 am	lmaoo
is it a concert or a rehearsal?	idk
i've been kinda off messenger cuz rush is so socially exhausting	yeh i'd imagine so lol
how does that work	tiny motors
damn that's pretty crazy	yeh right lol
but how much range of motion can that provide?	"there are three muscle patches (left, right and lower back) that each have an integrated force sensor and a lithium-ion battery that lasts about eight hours. the batteries can be removed for changing or charging. the lower back patch also has a processor to control the entire suit and process the real-time data and activity tracking (more on that in a moment). seismic powered clothing also has three imus, temperature sensors, and bluetooth, lte, and wifi connectivity."
ya i'm getting more dinner with frats lol	lol
we're at boston beer works rn	wait so is that a no you cant hang cuz youre with frats
i'm gonna be just chillin in a frat layer tonight	ahh ic ic
if u wanna come, everyone's really chill	how late is later tonight?
i'm sleeping over at a frat and then we're driving down to the beach around 4 am to see the sunrise	lol
some good ol' wholesome fun	are you close with the ppl in the frat?
frat bids just came out today	hmmm
i got bids from the 2 frats i liked so now i have to choose	dont choose the wrong one or else youll regret it for life
like on the other bank of the charles basically	btw did you know that jeff bezos kid is in your class?
there's been a lot of rumors	lol ill need an address bruh
oh seriously	i saw him when i visited lulu the second time
oh damn	fairly tall dude, curly hair
wait are u just skating around?	my sister wants to watch a movie so i think i might turn in for the night
and apparently pretty good	that sounds like a good find on his part
oh like basically my primary contact in that frat	gotta say though my legs are feeling better after so much skating
basically during rush each frat internally has each frat guy personally handle communications with a bunch of potential recruits	but my hips creak now
nice nice	ohh ic ic
hey sorry i don't have too much free time to hang out these past days, rush is ending soon tho	lol its no prob man, no prob at all
dude frat life is dangerous	aw shit dude
i don't have a big toenail anymore	holy shit what
ya	what the hell were you doing??
well i do its just dangling off	please tell me that you went to see a doc at least
they cleaned it out and bandaged it	so youve just dont have a toenail forever now?
lol no they grow back	well maybe you can make a fake one that has usb connectivity abilities
i was playing sand wrestling	you couldve been bionic
with a frat	you guys said no homo first though right
and idk what happened but when i stood up i looked down and my toe was bloody and the toenail was lifted 90 degrees	geezus christ
lol	guessing this was during the early beach trip thing?
also do u wanna come to wet wednesday	thats a terrible name
thus there's a lot of parties going on then	ohh i remember lulu and kiera mentioning that
whos kiera	hmmm ill probably be in the city at that time
dafuq	shes pretty chill
u stealing mit girls now	lol
jk	
i thought it was just that one day at the east campus thing and one day with lulu	well neu, bu both are kinda harsh on non students bumming around
are u literally just skating?	just yesterday when i was visiting massrobotics i had a couple hours to kill so i just found a bench outside of baker house and finished some new papers
wait ur not on campus rn r u?	im on next houses roof rn
got that nice parking lot view	nah im just fuking with ya
	kiera and lulu say that next and mccormick has the best food though
that's the general consensus ive heard	so dont visit mccormick?
u should go into simmons its a crazy cool building	rip kiera
yup	my goal is try to make a new friend on each campus
aw thats so wholesome	its a lot easier when you already have a friend on campus lol
did u hit up any parties yet?	nope lol
ya man theres gonna potentially be a party at the frat i'm rushing	isnt that like everyday lol
and every friday there are "coffee breaks" which are more chill kickbacks	oh thats a lot nicer than what some other ppl described
lmao who's some ppl	kiera mentioned some story about the typical frat guy tries to take girl upstairs
ya dude its so good	reds literature ones are gold
but i really started picking it up and watching everything in june	whoa this is getting uncanny
alright copier	oh yeh btw
actually it would be better if u tell me when ur in the city	at least thats what ive been doing lol, ppl just tell me theyre free after blank and i either start skating or skate to the nearest t
or pm	yeh i catch a ride with my folks
same for tomorrow or only on weekdays	i was thinking of maybe seeing if i could get some last peaks on some labs
yo are u in cambrodge?	nah unfortunately it's a bit late :(
okee	feel like it might be a bummer if i spend the last of my time packing furiously lol
next tues and friday night's i'm pretty free	my biggest concern rn is how to get raw lipo batteries through tsa
lol i mean i can ship it	but that'll take a little whileeee
	wait a sec
yupyup	fuk lol
wtf	its good shit dude
yo u wanna come to wet wednesday?	yeh sure lol
i''ll sned u the address of the frat	oh btw i'll be in the city tomorrow
oh awesome	not sure exactly i'll be doing or where
my classes end at 3 and i have some time between that and club meetings at night	oh you've already joined some clubs?
after that tho we can chill	lol bruh wut i thought you said 3
u could chill there	chris yang is here??
or u can come to the library with me	ill need an address then
address to library or next	lib lol
the library is on the 5th floor, i can come down to meet u	kkkkk
6179570655	i just realized i dont have anyones number on this phone
lmao	ill text and or call when im there
wait u got a new phone?	nah its the same one i just dont really call on it
ok one sec	its so stuffy outside
where u guys now?	were bumming outside of baker
i might not be able to go until 11	lol
lol	holy what
ya i'm joining to try it out	why is everyone becoming a kpop star
	
ya it's the first meeting.	yo i just realized something
yet	lol
how is it	pretty good
the first time just enjoy the tunes, the future ones u dive into the lyrics	kinda wished burr had more personal songs
oh	
the more revealing songs are:aaron burr sirmy shot wait for itnonstoproom where it happenselection 1800obedient servantthe world was wide enough	oh damn you got it all laid out
this video is so good	lol ill take a look, btw do you know the name of the lib that we were at yesterday?
barker library	bruh
wait r u going to the parties? lmao	idk now lol
i mean i might go to theta xi at like 11:15	wait wut lol
u have adt until 11	
my memory doesn't suck	where you at
oh r u at a party?	i just left
left mit?	nah i left theta xi
how was it	yee
be careful lol	i accidentally hit two shots
shots taste like shit	turned out it was two shots of vodka
do u have asian flush?	nah doesnt look like it
don't get too drunk man	lol nah i have no plans on getting drunk
finishing some psets	
not sure if it was actually a rager	pbe was so crowded lol
that's good i guess	honestly thought i was screwed after i downed those two shots lol
if i hit 5 or 6 i start feeling nauseous	kinda wish i had my board
don't skate drunk at oregon	hey im trying to branch out my interests 
my toe also started bleeding during it	esp with ur toe?
but it was wrapped up so all good	bruh
but i'm really behind so i can't browse memes this time lol	nah its aight lol, already read mostly what i wanted to tonight
oh lol	kinda wished i was more into the party scene
i mean theres no reason to be	but i wanna be a kool kid
if u like legged robotics	i bet dr kim used to be a rager
	
nah its only cuz the colelge app process rewards shit like french food blogs over practical skills	techx application is dumb since they probably weigh their stupid interview more than necessary compared to their written portion where they can actually see how much work and experience ppl have
and i don't say that with any self-deprication	you probably worked harder than anyone i know back in school
i think it's just how the two approach their life goals	aight i need to listen fully to those songs you mentioned
i also read up on his bio	damn alright
just wiki lol	the ultimate bios for ppl tbh
lol not accurate i don't think	aw man
lol do u wanna watch me pitch a shitty startup idea	ofc
there's a bad idea pitch contest lmao	lmaooo
i'm just gonna practice my improv pitch skills lol	yuhhhh
at pe class lmao	should i head to the stud then?
	lol bruh
i can meet u there	i just saw damian lol
my pe class ended at 6	you in the infinite corridor?
yup	bruh lol
where'd u guys end up going?	ahh sorry sorry
what'd u guys do?	i got some pants
lol oh right	yeh i was at bu
be careful	dude im finally able to weave in between the small yellow lines
congrats lol	where u at rn?
r u still at mit?!	i was at mccormick
oh	the view is freaking amazing
best view on campus hands down	yeh i was hanging with kiera
wait so r u still on campus or	nah im back home now
i'm debating whether or not to go	rn??
#fuckbus	fuckbus?
ya	uh...
	jeeezus
u say thats a lot a lot	yeh cuz it's a lot
	yeh tru
	
ive been saying haha more actually	this might sound fucking weird and dumb
cuz no one in our friend group uses haha a lot	exactly dude
thus only girls u don't k use haha	wait a sec that does not imply i only talk to girls
bulding ur harem	fuk i'm turning into middle school you
oh i didn't k u were gay	
i support u	wait no
i don't think so	lol
sorry i got triggered for a moment	lol that's quite the strange description
are you outside?	almost
omw	how was the hack?
it's not over yet	lol
where in the world would u transfer to get an opportunity like that	i am not already in his lab lol
wait you haven't emailed him back?	yeh bruh
does he have a secretary?	lol wut
grad students === secretary	yeh tru
what did he say?	if i piss on the equipment that would fuck shit up
lmao	no classes were open
god has a sense of humor	its called art 204 and its on ancient art
the most useless topic in the most useless subject	
	im afraid that i might be turning in a jerk
the next time we talk i'll be spewing buzzwords	a couple reminded me of less chill cheng
it was actually insane and it's put me in an interesting thought spiral	ahh sorry i was out with katie and her friends
wow damn you and katie are hittin it off	interesting music, idk what genre it even is lol
or maybe that's jsut how she talks to animals	idk about that lol, she's kinda like julia kim in that she's quiet, but i notice she's talking more and more now
oh ic	in my defense i have tried making guy friends
lol wut	yeh idk why either
is that agility?	nah
wait so ur in?	i guess so?
overwhelmed in what way?	ill explain in detail once im out of the lab
see it all worked out	nah
to a lot of things	this sounds familiar...
fucj ducj fuck fcuj fuck	lol first step is to take a deep breath
but who has ti me to make friends	i should disagree with you
betwee 12:45 and 1 pm every other thursday	every other thursday?
true	you and sarah both seem to have scooped a lot on your plates
ew why matlab	cuz its built in differential equation solvers
there's a reason usually grad students work on these projects	yeh thats why i need to be better
what math do u need to do?	but i dont have much time so i need to be here as much as i can
idk what that means but it sounds complex lol	same
	what companies though?
both are looking for senior -- grad level talent	yoooo skydio????
they spun out of nick roy's lab	i see youre into writing books already
the technology seems super cool	ooohhh thats more in line with your interests
and they implement machine learning	that tech is dangerous
ya its pretty dangerous and can def be used for unethical purposes	they can use that to track you watch out for big brother dick stallman told js
i think its definitely gonna be a very impactful technology, hopefully not used unethically	ahhh ic ic
"it must need so much machine learning and all of the blockchain"	one senior i know literally plopped his own pc at a space and now its his
they did a demo, it was so cool	i cant even fathom how they trained it so well
so we'll see how much i can finesse	what kind of companies are those?
they're gonna start selling the 1000 shipment, the 100 shipment will be for internal tests g	sounds about right
ceramic animal made a music video :o	holy shut
damn r u already working on cassie?	lmao
	have you organized yourself with the overflow of commitment?
but a bit less busy now that career fair is over	thats good to hear
more time for social stuff i guess	feeling more confident now too?
also i'm probably gonna start going to parties now	do you actually like the party life? lol
but i was planning on staying away from the party life bc it's a lot of hooking up and bad decisions	but now you want to hook up and make bad decisions?
	ahhh
i don't think she was planning on telling me until idk when	hooking up with some rando probably isnt the best way to cope with that though
lol ya ik i'm not actually gonna hookup	yeah, she was distraught about how to go about it and time just happened to pass
i guess it didn't matter to begin with	hmmm
i was talkling to sarah at 2 am and she said she was having a week of "emotional hell" cuz of harvard and being stressed about acapella and stuff	yeh?
this is especially ironic considering she was the one that strongly denied that she would find lots of other guys who she would like at harvard. aand she said i would be the one "on the hunt" for girls	yeh it is rather ironic how things happened
alright maybe i'm not over it....	hmm yeah it would appear so
sorry for the rant	boiling for almost a week
when she told me, i basically died on the inside but kept up tryna be a supportive friend on the outside	yeh she mentioned your ears turned super red
then i walked home in the rain	holy shit did you really walk??
it was only like 30 min	hey on the bright side that makes for a great opening to a movie
	
it only took 4 days to decide	hot damn
wdym	do you want to still be with sarah
i don't think it will bring up any negative feelings	are you sure about that?
unless for some reason sarah doesn't wanna be friends or thinks its awkward now haning out with me	its not your friendship that im worried about in this case. its your feelings
given the fact that i doubt she will put in that much effort to make it happen and its also kinda sketch now that she has a bf	yeah that's true
its just a weird mixed feeling of irony	sounds like heartbreak
like a situation where you thought it would go one way and it goes the complete opposite way for no good reason	it seemed both of you guys didn't expect this result
i was afraid of this result	you also seemed pretty irked by the whole four days thing too
	i would commit suicide
	hmmm you wanna call about it?
and i'm with my frat rn. i'm just sulking in the corner and furiously typing lmao	lol bruh
itll take some time but i think things will be ok	alright that's good to hear
lol	holy shit dude
wait so i'm still confused as to what work ur doing	ive never been so happy to see a graph before
what about the slip model are u working on	im creating it
i'm currently studying for midterms lol	shit wut lol
well there are like 4 midterms per semester	lol wut
this is for physics. other classes do it differently but all classes tend to have tests this week or next week	thats kinda gross
wiat how many tests do u guys have?	fuk
rip	just a regular old midterm and final
yup	youve been feeling alright though right?
wdym you've been learning about wellness?	its part of my required kickboxing/health class
i've actually been eating pretty healthy	really???
which feels wierd	thats one step closer to being poor
but i've been tryna hit 2 fruits a day and half veggies for dinner	the poor lonely starving grad student
the high school gym class is working	why you hitting two gays and half of a comatose person woman
lmao wut	fruits and veggies
r gay ppl fruits	lmao i wish high school gym class worked earlier
what if u find ur true passion in art history	hey dont joke about that shit
im also kinda scared that thing u mentioned will happen sometime soon and the show will become shitty	lol nah that thinking of art i think only appeared starting around the impressionist to the current post modernism contemporary movement
also is the thing ur talking about with death note the ppearnace of the girl kira	i'll be honest i have no idea what my data readouts are really saying rn lol, kevin, the phd student, just walked by and said hey that data looks great! you should animate it now
ya her charater is knda irritating	wait a sec
but holy fuck i hate this character	
	lol
falling behind?	dude my ece class is full of kids who don't even know what a photoresistor looks like rn
u wouldn't have this opportunity anywhere else	i had to explain to my lab partner in physics who was a sophomore how uncertainties worked
usually the downside to doing that is u get swamped and hate life	yeah, maybe i'm freaking out too early rn
probably mostly upperclassmen	yeah i've been around the lab's upperclassmen and they've been cool af
but u guys have a hackathon coming up i think	but i only see them in the lab and stuff
u should actually go just to scout out ppl	you know how i feel about software hackathons lol
bc ur stuck in this room for 24 hrs just working on tech shit for fun	isn't that just the lab?
well with labs ur not sleep deprived and under as much pressure	my moment of worry was when i realized i've only laughed the hardest around the lab
u can always create filters	yeah i suppose so
i feel like if u cling onto the possibility u will be leaving in a yr it might dampen things	yeah that's true
but i'm really excited about my urop	is that like a sex thing?
yes	nice dude
	oh yeah, your urop with the nlp people right??
by mit	if i haven't said it before, congrats!
and i think i made the right choice	yuhhh
i can't type it all out rn cuz my hands are taped	lol wut
i'm in the middle of an assassins game with my frat	that's uh, huh
i have to hold a spoon in my right hand to stay alive	ohhh
yee	do you slap people spoons outta their hands?
but this way i can write while having it in my hand	huh lol
lol like $25 or smthn	that's not bad tbh
if u factor in the free food game at mit	i thought you were eating more healthy rn lol
which should absorb the cardiovascular disease bc something superfoods and gluten free	don't forget about your fertility super powder
nah ashley took that with er	oh shi, don't worry dude
also lmao i'm reading my urop lab's onboarding page, and they start talking emacs and they have an external reference link which i thought would be a tutorial, but they just link that xkcd comic	lol
i'm working on their computers not mine	oh shi, 14.04??
im using one of their older computers	lol bruh
i actually should probably gtg	lol yeah, sounds gucci
lol thanks	shit dude
shoot	lol wait shit im skating rn
lmk	back
ya why don't u just study math today?	yeh, apparently a former lab member is on it now lol
	i just don't know if i'll get quality studying tonight
why not?	hw
how hard is the math class?	idk, not that hard rn at least in terms of the current material that was covered
rip	yeh right
but ya it feels longer	dude you didnt say no homo wtf
	dude the guy who was on survivor, the roboticist
wait but why did the girl ask if he wanted to play	idk, the show has romance sometimes -> showmance
lol but still thats a wierd seduction "do you want to play with me"	tbh nothing smells yet so i bet we have another three months
wait dont u guys have janitors/cleaning crew?	we have one for the hall itself, but since the private bathrooms are connected to each of our rooms were responsible for it
oh ic	oly fuck dude
have u heard this song?	no, ill give it a listen soon
i'm not in the bu area	*whew
yup	what did ya guys do?
and thats pretty much it	awwww
i don't think she wouldve made it back on her own lol	oh did she drink?
but not a lot	dude do you know what to do if your hand just cant grip as hard anymore
wfym	yeh idk either
r u losing grip strength	idk when i woke up today i just couldnt hold my phone with my right hand
shit dude i should get that checked out	nah its ok
is ur hand ok now?	eh kinda
ya go ahrad	i just went to the robotics club kickoff and meeting stuff for each team
do u enjoy what they do?	i've never done full on underwater before
cuz from what it sounds like they will def pile up responsibilities	and i also see what you mean by not everyone has the same drives as you
? wdym	as i was talking to one of the leads they mentioned they wanted to try to program an fpga for the robot so they could do everything onboard, but it would be super hard
	ok, got sarcastic there
i mean just from how ur describing it it doesn't seem like u would enjoy ur time	fuk dude, i even told them i could dabble and see how much i could set up
why would it be rude	lmao
how many hrs a week would u be happy spending on robotics	i spend at least 2 hours a day in the lab
lol	so if i just walk in and be like, fund me and let me use your resources, but i'm not going to be on any of your sub-teams
well if u take their money then u have an obligation	they told me don't feel obligated
lol ya it's rude now that u mention the money part	but i do
and is it worth the money	that's the problem i'm still on the research phase of the leap mechanism, disney doesn't really document their work that well it seems
1) is the money specifically meant for personal projects	i guess it would be a good way to keep my ros skills from rusting, esp since ros is way too bulky for walking robots rn
and 2) u really just have to communicate with them to set expectations. tell them u only have time to spend 3 hrs a week on robotics and if they think it's not enough just don't join	the way it works is that each subteam from rover to underwater has their own separate budgets
just make sure u don't get set with any permanent responsibilities	danger's my grandmother's surname
u fucking old man wut	sorry, shitty, not well planned joke
ur not gonna really be able to quit in a week	personally, i thought that was way too sudden
especially you cuz you'll be like "well it'll be so rude if i blahblahblah"	all i asked was if they use ros, got a no answer, get pulled aside by one of the leads -> huge discussion -> them pushing me to join and telling me what resources they can get me
i feel like u gotta be in or out. if u can make it clear that u don't want to have any big responsibilities u should be fine	what do you mean especially cuz it's me?
	that was pretty good
but i feel like u are a bit too generous with giving out ur time	now that i think about it, i got into the rwdc team since i offered to help them choose what motors and batteries to use
when u don't wanna b doin smthn u gotta just make it clear to ppl. there are other times to be polite, but not when it's concerning what u want to do with ur life and precious tkme5	i got into auxivision since i said i could make a small prototype
	
setting those expectations	yeah that's true,
what's the other lab?	human robot interaction
the wut	the charisma lab
what kind of human robot interaction	various
	i appreciate you inviting me to the theta xi coffee night
holy shit i can't believe someone made the finger thing	ikr
amirite	i dont get it
	my biggest news of the last week
that was really cool	oohh ic ic
i've seen that	it's quite the compelling data
yo	ye?
i was just bored lol	nioce bruh
how much did you partition for ubuntu?	out of my 1tb harddrive
but i need to leave some for windows cuz i'm still gonna be using it	only 85 gb???
ye	what the heck is eating up more than 100 gb on your window side
windows is just a hoe	on ssd (124 gb total)/         75 gb/usr    25 gb/boot 24 gbon hdd (900 gb total)/home 800 gb/var      50 gb/tmp     50 gb
i already cleared out as much as i can	feelsbad
look at this fucking hoe	yeah that's ridiculously huge lol
and not do home	oh btw you don't need that much space for boot on your ubuntu sys, like 250 mb will do, i overdid it
i can always back up things on my external hd if i wanna update distros	are you not going to lose those external hd's though?
how much did u partition for linux on ur old computer	i know a guy here who velcro's his external hd's to his laptop
for ubuntu	oh that was the thinkpad
isn't that process really annoying	eh it was aight, just half an afternoon spent on it
and how did you use it all up	yeah pretty much
the onlyy thing i'm worried about is i might want to download a bunch of datasets for future projects	robot simulations that i never used since thinkpad would freeze
oh ic	those datasets you can probs slap onto an external hd though right
ya	back at booz allen they bought specific servers for datasets and ether-netted them to their main computers
but ya i guess as long as i don't install a shit ton of package	well fuk them then, that's the spirit of open source
i should be fine with maybe 60?	and use the other ~25 for system stuff?
i'll leave 25 for windows	yeah i suppose that would work
and i won't do home, just a root partition	60 gb would probs be running it super tight if you're going to do a lot of high level programming though
well	the only problem i see would be if you're doing stuff you might need to spend time on space management
are ros and opencv huge packages	maybe like half a gb if you only get the bare bones
so like my anaconda package is about 11 gb, and it has all the python scientific libraries included	holy shit
i'm probably not gonnna be doing a lot of simulation models	oh in that case i bet you'll be fine with 60 gb
did you store a lot of like videos or smthn	maybe
	i don't think republicans are allowed to exist on college campuses
you could be an art historian	like i always knew this shit was expensive, but now i'm actually here it's mindblwoing
and to answer ur question i feel like that literally every day lol	lol its aight i was just doing health hw and looking at the new bd videos
also i'm making dinner rn so i'm down for a call	im sitting here doing health hw while others are making shit
ok	wow dry is so much worse lol
i didn't realize it was that low	lol
ye	you still wanna chat or you good?
https://youtu.be/3sau5racsge?t=263	 foxy roxy called you.
: )))))))))))))))	
	
which was probably the right move	i agree to that, especially if you have a lot of work piled up
also apparnetly while we were calling today, sarah was calling sam	lol
rip	yeah, you two just never are in the same place at the same time for some reason
*bonding	was that a freudian slip?
	wait, hadrian was gay?
or rather bisexual	it's probably the water they drank
	
things u learn from 4 yrs of latin	oh my god what
	how's your intro to ml course been?
how was ur midterm?	midterm was easier than i expected, thought there would be more conceptual questions
looks like bds tryna ramp up their marketing strategy	ooh around the level of ng huh?
dude i've been going to bed before 2 every day its actually crazy	lol
just like cmu	yeah that seems to be the smart trend i think
probably for my class it would just end up being some extra beauracracy cuz some of the programs i'm in will be transferred to other schools etc	but if you do your masters in cs i bet you could enjoy the building if enough and prominent profs move in on time
	did you know industry and academia has different definitions of some variables and processes of pid controllers?
well i feel like it's not a surprise that industry wouldn't be standardized	im surprised they dont teach us that in harvard business school
wait also elaborate on the finding others attractive thing	like i thought most people (or at least guys) tended to really want to find gf's or be in a relationship or other stuff (hence the traditional frat)
there are plenty of attractive ppl at mit but that doens't mean i want to get into a relationship with anyone yet	lol
	oh shit man
i wonder if i screenshotted that moment in the story	theres something making me think that youre still not 100% over it not sure though, could just be the water thats making the frogs gay
also i don't think i screenshotted it	yeah i couldnt find it in our shared picture history thing
that's tammy i think lmao	priorities lol
yup	where did they go for under?
but probably the one where i end up homeless	lol nah dude youll burn your name into the world
like experiencing deja vu in a dream	turned out theres a term for it
lol w\ut	yeah same
this is like when u decide to work on ur robot instead of hanign out with josh	fuk dude
someone mailed a bomb to my house and now my right arm is missing	dude when i saw the preview to your message i almost had a heart attack lol
oooh thanks	i notice every associated with that course are majority east asian or indian
?	i'm going to just go to the lab instead and do work there
elaborate on da feelz	i just get all tired and angsty when i'm not in the lab i notice
	that is not what i meant lol
hmmmm	idk, talking/thinking about this kinda stuff always makes me feel like an asshole for even feeling that way lol
i'm revenge meming u for all the "i'm justin yu" memes	lol
ya so first of all u gotta stop beng a wus and just say no	every time we interact it's her asking me to help her with robotics, computers whatever
dude these signalzzzz	she has a boyfriend
"roy can you come over and fix my hardware"	holy fuk
so you don't feel like u have like a squad?	i feel like i don't need one and i don't particularly want one
wait so what socila activities do u do	hang out in the lab
so u only go on social things with ur lab? lol	holy shit
lemme plug this into my recurrent neural network	are you going to blockchain the cloud too?
fuck bad timing	lmao
sorry go on lol	nah that's about it tbh
like the alumni themselves are not interesting or you are not interested in them lol	like look at this dude who was an ece bs from here, he's making chips at a boring ass office job in a random ass company
oh so corporate life	yeah fuck man
hmm	i think it may be the horror of mediocrity that's setting upon me, perceived of by myself in my own mind of my environment
wait elaborate	i came here for the lab right
outside of ur lab	yeah
even outside of the school. idk if the city itself has meetups	bruh, i live in the forest
but i feel like you should branch out of ur lab	why do i need to be social outside of the robotic labs
if you put aside silly things like mental health	lmao
1. it'll help you branch out into different interests and see different perspectives outside of robotics. going into osu you already had a thing where you were a bit too focused on one field, and now you're only hanging out with ppl of that one field lol2. you always want to have a network of ppl to support you when u need it both emotionally and for future jobs or opportunities and such	for the first one, i'm already taking art history, it'll be fine i bet
lmao	maybe i should check out that asian american people thing
ya do it	or i could become a full on lab rat like in the game
at least for me	lmao fuk, time to boot up latex
i'm only really looking at startups	you going try skydio?
tho u can cheese it and still apply but my resume isn't strong enough regardless	show them up, show them your brilliance and theyll have to take you
so we'll see	oh damn thats intense
they're a startup spun out of mit and have some pretty cool ppl on their staff so i think it would be a good way to learn	and also emailing massrobotics again
what about just intenring for agilitiy?	lol i have no idea if im good enough for agility
they'll probably at least consider u for an interview	i only just got a controlled slip model system barely working like last week, which i still need to work out some specific bugs
also remember, the highest financial cost of hiring is not wages but onboarding	i guess i could still ask
since u won't really need onboarding u should have a good advantage	worst case scenario i go back to booz allen
can't u get summer housing on campus?	agility is a 20 minute drive from campus
bike	its rural af outside of campus
lol	first i suppose ill get my resume in order and then get on other stuff
	well shit youre not wrong
i pulled mine out of bill gates ass	i know, but i need to learn it anyway, all the grad students use it for their hw
sorry i'm tired	holy shit
what is that protruding out of his midsection then	thats supposed to be the dick
ohhh i thought u meant the body was suppose to be the dick lmao	this whole paper is about dicks
and his head is just on the head of a dick	lol
don't even have full body dicks	theres a whole paragraph about how the athenians loved little dicks
smh	thats why their empire fell
they didn't really have an empire	virgin athenians vs the chad spartans
only predominance in the delian league	well im sorry if an empire is irrelevant to artistic pursuit
that's right i paid attention in 6th grade	lol
i wanted to be a historian in elementary school	oh yeah i recall you mentioning that
holy shit	heres a question
wait i'm in gym class but imma give an answer in a bit	lol the question only rose up since ppl were discussing ai/robots taking jobs and stuff during a symposium
this is just my intuition + basic economics, so i could b completely wrong	baidu demos stacl (simultaneous translation with anticipation and controllable latency), the first simultaneous machine translation system with anticipation ...
like ubi and shit	dude
oof literally every day at mit makes me wish i were smart	it's a bit of a long story
rip	oh shi, then i should probably leave you back to studying
blame sarah	i'll lol
	no
r u just going around chadding ppl	otherwise i was moving robots around with the grad students late night for some conference/events
on graduation day u should just go up to him and rip his diploma	lol
oh ya wiat why do u need to be more assertive	i'll tell ya another time, since you have midterms tomorrow
damn lol	good luck man!!
thxx	
hbu	insecure?
ye just some bad feels when im tired and sick	its not about sarah right
nah nah	oohhh
idk im just feeling behind on a lot of things	behind?
so basically i'm spending a lot of time doing shit and losing out both ways	lol
or at least with me	there's an easy fix for that, step 1: be hot
thanks man lol	lol no problemo, i'm here for ya
ya i just end up doing work pretty late and then when i get back to bc ppl are all asleep	do you feel more concerned about the social aspect or the experience/intellectual aspect?
the social one bc that's the part i'm not good at	so you feel as if you aren't connected with anyone due to your lack of hanging out with anyone consistently
ye i guess	what do you want to do about it?
it just feels kinda shitty	yeah i suppose so
its probanly cuz ive been averaging 3-4 hrs the past week	yeah you best take that nap jyu
as do i but still	i dont care that vitamins a,d,e, and k are fat soluble
	ive been pondering about people saying one needs to have a work life balance
i think the pt is for most ppl if u don't balance it then it gets unhealthy to the pt where the total productivity is less	how can one be unproductive if all they do is work
is this what ur health class is teaching u	yeah teaching me propaganda
i'm going to bed early tonight too	oh damn
no homo	<3
i have a blind date on saturday lmao	holy shit what
it's a "floormal" but basically u dress up fancy and then throw a rager lol	what the
it's just a floor tradition lol	ohhh
lol why	cuz these computers are meant for printing
wait what did the fifth yr senior do to u	i technically sit at an open space in the lab right, but ive settled there so much now that the grads call it roys desk right
	hes also got a high pitched voice
damn i haven't seen u get this heated about anyone in a while	hes obstructing work
why don't u just point out that he's using a laptop when there are spaces for laptops	i did when i first asked him to move
i think u gotta be less nice roy	yeah
u gotta go out and chad ppl	what i just dont get is why hes being a bitch like dat
u just have to be comfortable with asserting something that u believe is rightfully urs	next time i'll grab his laptop and throw it on the ground
	
my expectations are low	why so?
it'd be nice to get a friend out of this tho	ayyy, that's a good attitude
thanks man lol	of course of course
is that the 3d printed one	yeah it was a calming experience
did u k they were defeated by 3 teddy bears	
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3c5gn15kas	lol wtf
no its a big meme	like the last jedi?
reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee	lol
the last jedi is an underappreciated cinematic work of art that pissed people off because they can't handle undercutting of expectations and are trying to project old storylines onto new paradigm shifts in story just to please their inner 5 year old who can't get over the fact that luke is a fucking pussy and hes dead! hes fucking dead! get the fuck over it. yes there are weaker points in the last jedi such as rose and the canto byte sequences but they do not render the entire film and all of its cinematic achievements obselete	oh my god i can't believe you camelcasememed that whole thing
to breastfeed in public	how do we know those aliens are female
im writing an essay i just started today thats due in 10 hrs	past 3 am its morning my man
ya u should also be asleep man	holy fuck i just puked all over my bed
are you ok	yeh idk what happened
does it actually work like that	what do you mean by does it actually work like that?
lol	the old one just couldnt
woah that's actually pretty cool	ikr
hey roy i just wanted to let you know that youre fake as fuck. i found out what you said about me but its cool just dont ever talk to me again and dont even try fixing this shit cause im just playing lol u my bitch. send this to 10 people to scare them. happy halloween u candy corn licking bitch lmao. love you	did sarah send that to you?
ya lol	you ever have moments of philosophical introspective as you take a piss?
not specifically when i take a piss	huh
the only things i've been grinding are psets	fuk, my times are off
	wow when you put it that way
? no	the virgin group
wut	
what the	"richard branson founded the virgin group, which controls more than 400 companies"
i didn't k they were all on the same group	yeah dude it's insane
lmaooo	dude i finally did it
?	i finally asked a girl out
hold on	nah im just fucking with ya
	know me so well :)
	
but they asked one of the bros for my number after the party so they must know my name so they must have talked to me	or they know someone who talked to you and asked them whats the name of that cute boy
true tbh most likely	hey at least they didnt call you nice
wait is that a reference	lol yeh man
ya.....	ive basically ascended (ethan)
lol thamks	how was the date
also my dates happening at 10	apparently they theorize the new art style reflects the new sense of government and social structure in which your position and title is more important than you yourself, hence the lack of distinguishing features on the sculpt
the party started 30 min ago	wait
from cow and befire	"i was already know her"
o lo  k3km	wanna vid call?
but i can call in a bit	damn feelsbad
charge	be careful then, dont end up drunk and no form of communication!
wait what part made you stop watching?	lol
was it when l died	i just found mello and near to be a bit too absurd as successors to l
holy fuck the ending tho damn my heart rate spiked so hard	well shit man i didnt get far enough for mello to not be important any more lol
wait have u watched the ending then?	yeah, i eventually saw that later
the whole concept of death note is so cool	hm something about the idea
lmao	but then again last night you were complaining about not having a gf and being lonely
if you cut out his more crazy god ramblings and just focus on the fact he reduced global war and crime by 70% in 5 years	i mean hilter also produced some good statistics too, but its hard to ignore his crazy ramblings lol
from a utiltarian perspective the ends absolutely do justify the means	but the world doesnt only work in one perspective
but not nearly as many guilty ppl	its best not to trade lives, #captainamerica
ya alright captain that's why he traded ten thousand wakanda lives just so he could try to save vision	well the clear reasoning for that is that wakandans arent americans
who's only interactions are through the medium of stone cold logic	oh like how in the beginning light and l could only interact through distant medias like television
good	lol so many themes and topics that line up with you?
;alsdkfjlskdjflkasdjofipijaslkdfjkdjofpqowierjoifjoqijwef	lmao
the plot was so complex and logical too oh man oh man oh man this show was so good holy fuck	so uh, weeb huh?
lmao	is there anything new on your to watch list now?
so why would i watch a weeb show	code geass season 2 is hella wack
nahhhhh anime takes up so much time	lol
watching anime is so time expensive	wait, don't tell me you watched death note instead of doing hw lol
bc death note is ltierally right up my alley	lmao
yes basically	you need to watch cowboy bebop
cuz im not a weeb	cowboy bebop is _the_ show to get non-weebs to watch an anime
no avatar the last airbender is not an anime	the creators clearly say it's inspired by animes!
	jesus-loving lmao
	yeh cuz i'd rather focus on research rn instead of finding a gf
can't be a *fucking* bitch if ur such a fucking bitch ya know	there's also the moment when you called yourself the sun
or something	and also when you tried to find your pants, but lost your balance turning around
lmao did max send u the video	"i'm the sun bitch! i'm a fusion reaction!"
oh ya lol	nah i saw everything real time
fuuuuuuuuuk where are my pants?	i also like how you're still so considerate when max mention his laptop is there
i think im just gonna die alone	don't be a little bitch
ya i heard u were telling me to do it ya little shit	nah man, max and i just laid out the pros and cons for you
these are quotes from the movie	holy shit
also the force is dope	blocking gunshots with laser swords is a dumb concept
they're acutally midicholrians	how the fuk do bugs in your blood stream give you mind physic powers lol
shhhhhhhhhhhhhhh	yeh ok man
also probably over winter break	oh shi
did he connect u with specific ppl?	no lol
is this for next summer?	where he spent a summer at the mit leg lab right before it closed up (i think by that time marc raibert left for bd for a while and gill pratt was directing it)
that's the 2nd stage of interviews so if i pass i'll be going in for a 3 hr in person interview	dayumnnn
calling all my democracyloving dick suckerstheres only 1 day  til erection dayand we finna popthis politicalpussyand ridethis vote raw shoutoutto all my constitutionalc*ntswho ready for that newnewsend this toof your raunchiestregisteredratchetsor say boybye to thedicklarationof independenceif you getzeroback you anelection asseaterif you getfiveback, u castin big bootyballots, && if you gettenback we all gettin that erectiondaydick 	voting?
lol	what do you think this means
uh	and i have no idea how to vote when i'm on the west coast
well i guess u had to vote like a week ago lol	lmao
at least you know ur birthday is safe	yeah i suppose lol
thats my most up to date resume that i'm using	holy, your resume and even its base core of contents and what youve done is way better than mine
lol theres no such thing as better	idk man, you have way more experience than me
and companies do care about personal projects, even if its a bit sketchy as long as you can justify it later on in an interview ur all set	i cant talk about what ive done with the contractors or the lab since its all confidential
*still talk about	i suppose so, well have to see i suppose
hmm i mean you're working in a grad student lab, that's already really good	there are people whove done that since high school
bc were talking about a resume	oh yeh
your background experience is definitely impressive for a freshman, that's already a fact. you just need to package it in the right way	im pretty sure im just technically a volunteer here in the lab too
well ask someone what youre official title is	since i came in randomly one day, sat in a desk and started research without contacting the student programs
but i would check in with one of the grad students about what you should put yourself as	volunteer researcher i guess
ya that works too	yeh true
just don't put "volunteer"	idk why i suddenly had a freak out moment
meaning if you start bitching it becomes a positive feedback loop of bitching	lol what the
	
but in general i'm pretty shit	yeah i suppose that is a big and important factor
ye there we go	also i think matlab is a better language than python now
python for loops are so useful	i think python just doesnt understand that
its probably not shit	the skeleton in terms of the order of stuff is kinda similar to yours now that i look at it again...
it doens't open	yeah, cuz windows rebranded it as .pdf even though i wanted the tag to be ambiguous
lmao	short resume.pdf
except the fonts don't all match up	lmao fuk
instead of it being sentences	da fuk is this convention
or something like that	aw shit, but doesnt that take up more lines?
you ahve to play with the wording so you can be as close to a full line as possible for each bullet	is this what graphic designers do all day?
lol	dont like how goddamn bland my resume is rn
probably wouldn't do that	aw man
you can mention it in your interview tho	what if the resume ppl are all small startups
then its up to you	hebi robotics is still like ten dudes from the same lab
oh i would maybe change your header tho, i feel like the white text on a blue background looks wierd	whattt
casually explained is fucking hilarious	lol
i'm shooting my first gun today lol	wait wut
today was shooting day	wait wut i thought your pe was just health class
that's for half a sem	
what even is ancient jewish art	greek with red-figure decorations, so probably high classical or hellenistic period:
one of my fav tame impala songs covered by arctic monkeys 	"i got my hopes up again, oh no... not again.feels like we only go backwards darling."
this the og: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wycjnccgues	wut, you're into psych rock? i thought you didn't like bands like ceramic animals
actually most tame impala songs sound kinda the same but there are a few i really like	oh yup, that's definitely psych rock
i had a busy weekend of not psetting lol	ahhh
i've also started listening to the strokes a lot	bruh, why you on my wavelength rn
they're an interesting band that apparnetly alex turner got inspiration from	get off mah lambda
yoooo	i had no idea that the strokes were older than alex turner though
but i he was partly inspired by the strokes to start am	ah yeh i can see where that comes from
lol	lmao
bruh bruh bruh bruh	whoa
this is one fat lambda	i'm also on windows rn too
rip lol	yeh, either the velocity of this wave is super big or the frequency is super small rn
but ya yolo is such a good song	apparently the physics department here isn't that great, and if the teaching is any indication, whooo boi
also i remember i showed you a song by the strokes back in the summer and u didn't like reptilia	ye, my prof literally spent a whole lecture watching doppler effect videos and kinda just expected the kids to know the concept behind it
and damn ya that's like carlson	only problem is since we're on a quarter system the content gets swept by the speed
join a frat so u can be forced to be social	i haven't seen direct sunlight in two days
bruh that's actually concerning	didn't stan lee pass away yesterday?
i think u really need to add some social commitments man	i mean, i can still function in the lab, interacting with them hasn't really taken a hit
ya sleep is a good idea	da fuk you sorry for
i think it's a transition college thing	oh i did want your opinion on one thing i noticed last week in my ece class
ya..	idk, that just left a very bad taste in my mouth around for a while
especially since engineering takes so much work in terms of time and school, ppl r probably more inclined to talk about the fruits of the labor, namely wages	yeah, but thats what bothers me so much here with the undergrads in engineering ive been around
i mean osu is still a state school so they probably catch a lot of the ppl who didn't really have a major interest in hs and are mainly looking at careers as ways to make money	yeah, thats very true
ye...	time to learn football
or at least step outside ur room	or i can keep on banking on the lab for emotional support and just keep slowly breaking down every time im outside of it
lol no roy	i notice i rant mainly on the weekends when im out of the lab for long periods of time
ok i gtg sleep cuz it's 4:40	fuk damn sorry sorry
tell me about ur existential dread	lol
wdym	for a small startup looking for interns
what quality could u add by waiting	fuk time to submit
ya send it over i can read it rn if u want	nah its alright, you were already working on psets super late last night
but in terms of actual substance is there anything u can add?	you must have more urgent work rn
nah i wanted to take a break from studying anyways	idk, theyre an actuator company
	no homo
done	oh damn you fast
its all good lol	damn, i think rethink was a prime perfect example of a company relying too much on a specific technology, the series elastic actuator, and refused to change it up
	
good luck!	thanks man
lol	oh shit
nah ive just been super hosed the past few days	you stressin'?
i feel like the material used would be very different tho for the two use cases even if they're both fiberglass	yeah thats very true
lmaoo	you ever have those moments when you just feel like you havent done enough in the day?
also i recommend notebook scheduling, or scheduling on some other medium, its been helpful for me	damn thats really optimistic of ya
when i just have a pile of work to do, i find i'm not that efficient going through them unless i have solid deadlines for how much time i want to spend on each thing	lol i used to use the same style of notebook tasks from highschool, but ive found it takes too much time so ive just been spamming the shit out of my google calendar, filling up that shit
lmao nice	yeh idk, sometimes im just mad at myself for still only being good enough for the work im currently doing and not the work i could be doing
any plans yet? or just chillin	continuing the research of jesse after he graduates with his masters
meh	really??
im tryna actually stop thinking about it so i can focus on some work i need to finish tonight	
thanks for asking tho	https://youtu.be/4feusts21-8
lmao wtf	hey man, what can i say?
https://youtu.be/q3uy2kwod4q	idk if i wanna watch that lol
	was that a jab at my impeccable music tastes
pleee don do cocaine *eh* cocain ruin yo brain *eh*	lmao
yup	fukkk now i really wish i was coming back for thanksgiving
its not too late	lo siento
damn	hey hey
but after tomorrow i'm freeee	yeee, get that good ol' sleep
wait holy shit happy birthday	lol
wait when is ur bday again	lol
oh ripp sorry man	lol no need to be sorry
how s thanksgiving?	lots of chinese restaurants lol
kinda like last shadow puppets from alex turner	yeh, i had to go out at night and attempt to find an open restaurant on thanksgiving dinner night
that's right bitch	
what were u doing	i found some strange discoveries in my dynamics calculations and just hunkered down on it
also i just did a factory reset on my windows side lol	i planned out each half hour of my week last thursday and followed that
damn	
we can update eachother on life	holy crap i need to listen to that song
also when do your finals end	wednesday
lol its all good	i need to read that emo piece you sent into treehouse
it'll make u wanna put on some black eyeshadow	and then listen to my chemical romance
its just me fucking around so no one will see them or anything	lol
it's not gonna be super complex so idk how good the results will be but we'll see	i swear if it turns out to be a homophobic right-leaning racist
lmao	how is it gonna work?
the one im playing around with is a seq2seq model. basically the nn takes in a sequence of characters and tries to predict characters that come after	wait so it doesn't exactly "understand" what it's saying but rather seeing the pattern?
anything with actual language understanding involved is complex as fuck and something im still tryna grasp	it might follow up with "the trans"
ya	i wanted to say something more radical, but now i'm afraid of roybot becoming like that nazi microsoft bot
all the algorithms can be confusing as fuck sometimes	btw do you know what this means?
lol	oh
not wanting to leave osu?	nah the lab
i mean and ur family right	but then the research, the many new horizons at the tips of my fingers and yet just a few mm away to properly grasp
wait but don't the grad students also go back for break	some of them are staying
so how many new horizons can u really grasp over winter break	i hope they get more funding
hurst is probably gone too	that's true ppl still celebrate christmas
it's never good to be only doing one thing for so long, sometimes u gotta step back	welp shit that might mess up the data for roybot
im still waiting for fb to prepare the download file :'(	lol yeh, this chat must be huge
damn nice selfir	yeh
wait gimme like 5 min	aight
 the video chat ended.	aha! i think ive found it
also adt: https://mit.universitytickets.com/w/event.aspx?id=939&p=1	yeah i think i put too much emphasis on what people create
i think sarah is going on thurday	oh shit
i feel like its meh or bad at first listen but once you start listening to them more it suddenly gets realy good	like alcohol?
	
its the really edgy arctic monkeys album	is it just me or has the music youve been listening to in general become more edgy in the last couple of years
basically once i got to arctic monkeys	youre the most reasonable person i know
context?	lorenzo, masters student super cool dude
ppl (pretty much) would always prefer knowing what's going on over not knowing	yeh thats true
i also am anxious and overthinkg every little social interaction lol	comparatively to the rest of us and especially what you were like before i left you seemed a lot more stable
can't go wrng lol	like your social interactions of breaking it to christina that your standards are too high 
	
fucking weebs	coming from the dude who sent the most recent weeb memes in this chat
they were multicultural quips	thats what a weeb would say
i'm not a weeb your a weeb	your idea of a perfect moment would be watching sentimental ghibli films with a girl
ok but isn't the idea of that so warm and fuzzy	all the anime movies ive seen were by myself and 70% chance on the toilet
lol fuckinf catholics	fuck yeah its good
your soul mate was within you all along :')	yeh fuk dat noise
lol wtf	right?? theyre so bizarre
welcome back!	thanks my man
thursday at 6 is not sold out	lmaoo
ya they sell them on campus	aight
if u just pay me back	aw shit wait do you know if kathryn is around
no idea i don't talk to her	shizzz
oh	its aight though i can take a look around
wdym by keeping an eye out	im here tonight for kiera
who's kathryn	lulus friend
who's kiera	short, asian, from ny
ok i mixed them up	but shes also the girl whos dorm i visited for a snack
ye	fuk that also came out wrong
but it turns out she was the snacc	i should just stop talking today
what recital	music chamber thingy
nope	fuk dude i woke up thinking i was still on the west coast today
damn	it felt
r u telling me u don't eat absolute trash on the west coast	at least not the pacific northwest
damn	aight time to start hunting on campus
i'm also currently at the student center	do you think they have change for 100?
i think they mainly take venmo	bruh fuk
lol i dont	jk jk i can ask around the shops i suppose
ye	gonna be balling
don't u miss the red line	nah it aint
tho i feel like piublic transport in the west coast is def worse	man outside looks great
yeee	yeh my goddamn its so bad or just inexistent
the boston skyline is so nice and serene	you should watch it with a girl
i stop and just stare for a while everytime i cross the bridge to get absolutely fucked up at my frat	lmao
	what a beautiful evening, welp time to get wasted
"welp time to get wasted"	with my frat of all dudes
:')	fuk im lost already
did u arrive in kendall?	yeh
oh did you come in from north station	yeh
you have to walk	fuk i shouldve brought my board
lol	lmao
you're fucking welcome	hardcore meme right there
	if i see sang bae kim imma tackle him
just flash your cassie	stick up my middle fingers
lol	a lot less abgs here
thata cuz no ones selling boba in campus rn	lmao
are u here?	yeh
ew why u on the second floor	theres an art gallery on the second floor?!?
thats just straight up black	how are you still alive
i might keep it	youre gonna die from fungi lol
yee	lulu just left with for yoga
oh nice	goddamn its so nice
at next?	nah
oh is it on the 5th floor	nah we went down some floors
wait is it under the big dome or little dome	theres a little dome?
lol	damn
at bc	ahhh
cuz i got two adt rehearsals tonight	ahhh
back to back lol	i see where your gains come from
